Chapter 411

Chapter 411

Darryl must not go to the battle stage. If he were to
die in battle, who would give Katherine the
Resumption Pill?

When she thought about the Resumption pill,
Katherine bit her lip as she handed a bottle of water
to Darry. "Some water, Darryl?"

"No need. I'd take a foot massage," Darryl said
casually.

What?

Katherine blushed. Her students were all there, so
how could she give him a massage?

"Later. Later in the office, alright?"

"Fine, then." Darryl nodded as he kept his eyes on
the battle stage.

At that moment, a Xiaoyao family member went
onto the stage and said to Sawyer, "Fabian Travis
from the Xiaoyao family. I'm here for the challenge.

Sawyer smiled. "Level Five Master General? Please."

Fabian did not waste a second longer; he turned and

1/5
Chapter 411

punched Sawyer.

However, the punch was so weak and soft!

Sawyer laughed. "Have you not had your meal yet?"
"Oh, no! Fabian is a loser; what a weak punch."
"Precisely..."

Everyone around the stage nodded.

Bang!

Their fists hit each other, and the arrogant
expression on Sawyer's face immediately changed.

He could feel Fabian absorbed his inner energy as
his fist connected with the man.

He had lost almost one-third of his inner energy.
"Energy Draining Method!"

"Wow! This is the Xiaoyao family's special
technique—the Energy Draining Method!"
someone amongst the crowd shouted.

The Energy Draining Method was a unique skill that
the Xiaoyao family members practice. Its focus was
not to attack their opponent but to drain their inner
energy instead. They would absorb the energy into
their body to strengthen their skill.

Fabian grinned coldly as he grabbed the chance to

2/5
Chapter 411

kick Sawyer in his stomach.

Sawyer yelled in pain as he rolled off the stage. He
was so weak that he could barely stand up!

"Thank you!" Fabian bowed as he stood in the
middle of the stage. He looked around the stage
slowly.

Although he did not speak, his intention was
obvious; he was waiting for a contender.

The crowd gulped.

Whoever dared to challenge Fabian would most
likely end with their inner energy drained and
absorbed by Fabian; they would be too weak to
survive. Who would be brave enough to take the
challenge?

When no one approached the stage, Fabian said to
Graham arrogantly, "Mister Potter, shall we impose
a time on this? If there is no contender in the next
five minutes, I shall be announced as the winner. I
can't wait forever, right?"

A muscular man stood up and said, "Don't be so
arrogant, you have yet to win. I shall challenge you."

The muscular man charged onto the stage, but
within ten minutes, Fabian had absorbed all of his
inner energy, and he had fainted on the stage.

Oh, no!

3/5
Chapter 411

Everyone looked worried. Some men had planned to
challenge Fabian on stage, but they had decided to
pull out.

The Energy Draining Method was undefeatable.

Three minutes passed by, and there were no new
contenders. Graham was about to announce the
winner when Evelyn stood up and spoke gently, but
firmly, "I'll do it."

"Evelyn..." Circe grabbed Evelyn and said
wotriedly, "He is powerful, and you—"

Before Circe could finish her words, Evelyn stopped
her. "Don't worry, Circe, he is just anormal man."

Evelyn leapt and landed on the stage gracefully like
a butterfly.

Wow, what a beautiful sight!

All the men's attention was on Evelyn once she
stepped onto the stage.

She had prominent facial features and a perfect
body shape; she was irresistible.

However, there was some deep and dark energy
surrounded the beautiful lady.

Darryl laughed when he saw Evelyn on the stage.

Fabian smiled as he looked at Evelyn. "You are no

4/5
Chapter 411

match for me, Pretty Lady. Why don't I give you a
hug and then you can leave the stage? I don't want
to destroy a beautiful lady. I—"

Slap!

Before Fabian could finish his words, Evelyn gave
him a big slap on his face.

Evelyn did not use her inner energy, so that was not
cheating.

9/5
Chapter 412

Chapter 412

Fabian's face was scarlet red; he was furious that
someone slapped him in front of everyone. Then he
punched Evelyn with the Energy Draining Method.

Evelyn did not move an inch; she stood still as
Fabian hit her shoulders.

Wow!

At that moment, Fabian let out a cold breath! He
had used the Energy Draining Method to absorb
some of Evelyn's inner energy. However, that was
enough to break him!

"What a strong and chilly inner energy!"

Fabian felt cold; his teeth chattered uncontrollably,
so he could not say a word. Was that the Pure
Feminine Method? Fabian felt extremely fearful.

That was right! Evelyn had cultivated the Pure
Feminine Method from the Immaculate Girl
Scripture.

What had happened? Could Fabian not move?

The crowd around the stage was unsure about what
had happened.

There was a layer of ice all over Fabian, and he was

1/5
Chapter 412

frozen.

Darryl was very impressed with Evelyn. She was
able to use her cold inner energy to defeat Fabian's
Energy Draining Method.

Graham nodded too. It was really rare to see such a
talented young lady with such powerful cold inner
energy.

Bang!

Evelyn lifted her hands and punched Fabian in his
chest.

Thump!

Fabian's face paled as he collapsed a few steps
backward. The ice that surrounded his body
shattered all over the stage. He vomited a mouthful
of fresh blood before he fainted!

Wow!

The crowd gave her a thumbs up! That was so
impressive!

All the men's vision was locked onto Evelyn; they
were impressed beyond description.

Evelyn kept her cool and said, "Who else?"

"Me!" A man in a white shirt stepped onto the
stage. The very next second, he flew off the stage a

2/5
Chapter 412

dozen meters away; it was only one slap from
Evelyn.

All the men were so emotional; Evelyn was not only
beautiful; she was so powerful, too.

All the men were excited to see the beautiful lady on
stage; around six to seven men went up to the stage.

However, Evelyn managed to defeat all of them
effortlessly!

"Who else? Please, come up," Evelyn said
arrogantly. She was so enthusiastic!

She had defeated eight men; if there were no other
contenders, she would be able to save her
grandfather.

One minute... Two minutes... Three minutes had
passed!

The younger generations from all the families
looked at each other, but none of them was brave
enough to do anything about it.

Then, a man in black jumped up onto the stage.

He looked smart; he was average-sized, and he had
a handsome face; no one could tell if he was only an
ordinary person.

Wow, what a handsome man!

All the ladies around the stage went crazy; some

3/5
Chapter 412

even shouted excitedly.

The man clapped his hands gently as he walked
toward Evelyn. He smiled and said, "You have
excellent skills, Pretty Lady! How could these
normal men dare to challenge you? They were
foolish."

The defeated men blushed, but they did not dare to
say another word. They felt that the man on the
stage was at least a Level Five Master General; he
was most probably one level below a Martial
Marquis. He looked like he was only in his early
twenties. He must be very talented!

Evelyn furrowed her brows and said coldly, "State
your name."

"Wyatt Yenus from the Wudang family." His voice
was so loud that everyone heard them.

"Wow! "
"Wyatt Yenus!"

"The Wudang family's most talented member in
the past one hundred years, Wyatt Yenus!"

The atmosphere turned chaotic!

That was right. Wyatt was the leader of the Wudang
family's younger generation. He had achieved Level
Five Master General status and at such a young age,

4/5
Chapter 412

too! He had battled with a Master Marquis from the
Grandmaster Heaven Cult for over three hundred
rounds, and he was not defeated.

9/5
Chapter 413

Chapter 413

Circe had heard about Wyatt too. In fact, who had
not heard about that young man?

Circe broke out in cold sweat. She was worried for
Evelyn as she was not sure if she could handle him.

Wyatt looked at Evelyn on the stage, and he smiled,
"You are such a beautiful lady, I don't wish to hurt
you. Don't worry; I will be gentle as I respect you as
a lady."

"Let's begin then," Evelyn replied coldly.

Wyatt might have looked smart and strong, but he
was such a flirt. However, Darryl was not better
than him.

Wyatt smiled as he bowed. "Ladies first."

"You ask for it!" Evelyn said coldly, and she
immediately launched a punch toward him.

"Oh, Pretty Lady, you are too slow."
"No, you are too weak."

Wyatt was just too strong and skilful; he could still
tease Evelyn as they fought.

Evelyn was angry and ashamed, she tried harder

1/4
Chapter 413

and harder, but it did not work. Each time she tried
to attack, Wyatt was able to block her.

All the audience were impressed with their skills.

They had already battled for more than a dozen
rounds, but Evelyn still did not manage to attack
Wyatt! She was furious and ashamed, and she was
also worried.

She had gotten so far, and she could not let her
effort go to waste! Her grandfather was her only
family; she would not survive if she were to lose
him.

Bang!

Her attack was blocked by Wyatt again. Evelyn bit

her lips and reached for her weapon. It was the
Crescent Moon Blade.

"Oh, Pretty Lady. Are you bringing out the weapon
now?"

Wyatt smiled at Evelyn. "Pretty Lady, now that I've
played with you for so long, it is time to end this."

Right after he said that, Wyatt held his palms
together and gathered his internal energy. Then, he
launched his fist with all his strength!

Evelyn shouted, "Pure Double Slay!"

Suddenly, Evelyn had blades on each of her hands

2/4
Chapter 413

and charged aggressively toward Wyatt. She was as
fast as lightning.

Did she plan to go all out? Everyone wondered
about that.

Everyone felt that Evelyn had a higher chance to
win it. However, Darryl shook his head; he knew
Evelyn would definitely lose.

It was apparent that Wyatt had not really used all
his skills. The only reason he did not defeat Evelyn
was that he wanted to play around with her.

Since Evelyn utilized all her skills, Wyatt would not
give way so easily anymore.

It was true. Wyatt avoided Evelyn's blades and
flicked his finger on the blades as he did that.

Zing!

That was the metal sound from the blades, and
Evelyn almost lost her grip on the blades. She
tumbled a few steps backward.

"Pretty Lady, you are about to lose," Wyatt said
with a big smile, and he quickly rushed forward and
grabbed Evelyn's waist.

Evelyn tried her best to avoid him, but she had lost
all of her energy. He had no choice but to let Wyatt'
s hand grab her waist.

3/4
Chapter 413

"Let go of me!" Evelyn shouted in anger and
embarrassment.

Wyatt took a deep breath. "Pretty Lady, you smelled
so nice. Don't worry. If I were to win this, I wouldn'
t mind bringing you along to kill the Golden Lion.
What do you think?"

Wyatt guessed that Evelyn was a competitive
person.

"Let me go!"

4/4
Chapter 414

Chapter 414

Evelyn looked terrible. She was furious,
embarrassed and in despair.

She thought she could win the fight and be the
champion quite easily; she never thought that
Wyatt would appear. She was from the Eternal Life
Palace family while Wyatt was from the Wudang
family. How could she go with him to kill her
grandfather?

"Let go of me!" Evelyn snarled.

Wyatt let go of her. They were in a public space; it
was not appropriate for him to keep his hold on her
waist.

Evelyn bit her lips and walked down the stage, back
to her seat. Her eyes were all read, and she almost
cried.

Circe felt sad; she consoled her, "Evelyn, don't
worry, we'll find another way."

Evelyn did not say another word. She could not stop
crying. The battle would end soon, how could there
be any other way?

Wyatt, who was still on the stage, smiled

1/4
Chapter 414

confidently. He looked around the stage and said, "
Anyone else would like to challenge me? For those
who wish to step forward, be warned. The beautiful
lady was able to leave the stage unharmed, simply
because she was beautiful. For the rest of you, you
shall be dead or seriously injured!"

His words made all the young people shivered.

Wyatt had warned them, who would dare to step up
onto the stage?

The atmosphere turned silent! No one dared to go
onto the stage.

Darryl, who was at the side of the stage, took a deep
breath.

The Cult Mistress had given him the task to steal
the scripture, but it was an impossible task.
Principle Graham was a Level Five Martial Marquis.
Even though Darryl had cultivated the Secret Theft
Skill, there was just no chance for him.

Darryl saw a new opportunity for him to obtain a
scripture. He just needed to defeat Wyatt, and he
would win the right to kill Zion Featherstone. Then
he could obtain the Supreme Mystery Scripture to
complete his task and return to Elysian Island.

At that moment, Katherine sighed. "Wyatt is not
only talented; he is good-looking too. I guess there’

2/4
Chapter 414

s no doubt he will be the champion today."

"Not necessarily. I have not gone up the stage yet."
Darryl laughed.

Even though Darryl talked to himself softly, few of
his classmates heard him!

They all broke into uncontrollable laughter.
Darryl, the loser, tried to be silly again.

Their laughter brought the rest of the crowd's
attention toward them. Everyone looked at them,
puzzled.

Darryl did not say a word. He contemplated whether
he wanted to join the challenge on the stage.

Daisy Palmer, who sat in front of Darryl, said
loudly, "Did you hear that? Darryl said that Wyatt
might not win as he had not gone up the stage yet!"
Then she laughed.

"Wow! "
Everyone broke into laughter again.

"Darryl, do you know that you do not even qualify
to be Wyatt's servant? People like you would dare to
challenge him?" Xavion said while he admired
Wyatt, who was on the stage.

Not only was Wyatt good looking, but he was also

3/4
Chapter 414

the most worthy young talent in the Wudang
family. Many ladies dreamt to be with him.

Darryl smiled. "What if I dare to go onto the stage?"
What? Did he want to go on the stage?

Was that an effort to save his dignity? They laughed
again.

Daisy replied, "What's the point of you going up to
the stage anyway? You would be defeated within the
first round. Please don't embarrass our class."

Darryl laughed when he heard what she had said. "
How would you know that?"

Was Darryl kidding? Did he mean he could win?
They laughed again.

Daisy could not hold her laughter. "Darryl, why don'
t we make a bet?"

She raised his hand and pointed toward the running
track on the field nearby. "If you were to lose, you
would have to run around the track naked for five
rounds in front of everybody."

4/4
Chapter 415

Chapter 415
He would run in the field naked?

The entire Class Sixteen broke into laughter when
they heard what Daisy said.

Declan gave Daisy a big thumbs up. What a brilliant
idea!

Darryl shook his head. Xavion and Dax's older
cousin sister was a pretty and capable person. How
could she come up with such a silly idea?

'Fine, If you want to humiliate me, then I shall let
you humiliate yourself in front of everyone.'

Darryl smiled as he looked at Daisy. "Fine. But if I
were to win, then you would have to confess your
love to me in front of all the teachers and students.
A sincere confession."

Wow!

The entire class broke into laughter again; how
arrogant was Darryl!

It must be humiliating to confess one's love to a live
-in son-in-law!

Daisy was a popular lady; she had dozens of

1/4
Chapter 415

admirers in school. All of them looked angry.

"How could a goddess confess her love to a useless
man like you?"

"Why don't you keep dreaming?"

Darryl ignored all of them; he smiled at Daisy. "
What do you think? Would you take the bet?"

"Of course. Don't forget to go by the bet. Everyone
could be our witness." Daisy smiled. She knew she
would never lose.

Wyatt was a talented and powerful man; Darryl, the
live-in son-in-law, would not be able to win.

Darryl smiled and nodded. Then he stood to stretch
his hands and legs as he got ready to go onto the
stage.

" Darryl. "

Katherine pulled Darryl's hand; she looked worried.
"Darryl, where are you going?"

She could not believe that Darryl would want to go
up onto the stage.

"Tam going to a fight." Darryl smiled.

"No, I won't allow you to do that," Katherine said
gently. "Darryl, let's be rational. Wyatt is the
Wudang family's most talented member. No one

2/4
Chapter 415

from the same generations in the Six Cults can beat
him."

Katherine continued to say, "Even Xavier would not
be able to defeat him. The reason you defeated
Xavier was purely based on a surprise attack. Wyatt
might have a tough time if he were to face Xavier.
Besides, Wyatt already said that he would not let
anyone who challenged him to leave the stage
unharmed.

"It's fine," Darryl replied. He patted Katherine's
hand to comfort her.

"Darryl!" Katherine panicked. She could only watch
as Darryl walked toward the stage.

Everyone started to gossip about Darryl when they
saw him step onto the stage alone.

'Is he not afraid of death? How would he dare to
challenge Wyatt?' most of them thought.

"Isn't that the live-in son-in-law from Class
Sixteen?"

"He wants to challenge Wyatt? Is he looking for
death?"

Almost everyone recognized that it was Darryl.
"My dear!"

A panicked voice was heard from the back of the

3/4
Chapter 415

stage. Darryl turned and saw Lily at the Class
Seventeen area. She looked distraught. "My dear,
what are you doing? Come back here!"

There were tens of thousands people there, but no
one was brave enough to challenge Wyatt. Even
though Darryl was not too weak, he was no match
to Wyatt's skills.

Yvonne, who sat beside Lily, looked tightly at
Darryl. She was so worried that her body shook.

4/4
Chapter 416

Chapter 416

That was Wyatt on the stage. Was he out of his
mind?

Darryl felt the care from Lily and Yvonne's eyes. He
felt a rush of warmth in his body. He nodded to
both of them before he turned to walk up to the
stage.

"Evelyn, look!" Circe said to Evelyn as she pointed
at Darryl. He is going up the stage."

"He is looking for death," Evelyn replied coldly.

When Evelyn battled Wyatt, she could feel his
strength. She believed no one in the crowd would be
able to defeat him.

Abbess Mother Serendipity, who was seated at the
opposite side of the stage, locked her sharp eyes on
Darryl.

How could such a useless person join the fight?

It might be a good idea. If Wyatt could kill him on
the spot, it would save a lot of her effort.

"Why is he up there?"

Megan, who stood at the back, covered her mouth

1/3
Chapter 416

as he sighed.

'How could he not know his own strength?' Megan
started to worry, too.

Abbess Mother Serendipity saw the emotion on
Megan's face and asked, "Meg, are you worried
about him?"

It appeared her speculation was correct. Megan had
fallen for Darryl. She had always been calm and
never had any worry for another man. How could
she fall for such a useless man like Darryl?

Abbess Mother Serendipity knew she must stop
Megan from falling for such a man.

Megan felt the coldness from Abbess Mother
Serendipity. She said softly, 'No, I am not. I told
you my fiancé is Kent. How could I fall for someone
else?"

Abbess Mother Serendipity did not ask further
questions and started to focus her attention on the
stage.

Darryl was finally on the stage. Wyatt took a good
look at him and furrowed his brows. "Hey man, you
are looking for death?"

Darryl was a student from the Hexad School. He was
definitely looking for death.

Darryl seemed like he was only a Level Two Master

2/3
Chapter 416

General. Wyatt shook his head and said, "No, I shall
not bully you."

"Rubbish, let's get started," Darryl said coldly with
both hands behind his back.

"Sh*t. Fine, let me send you to your death!" Wyatt
did not waste any time. He lifted his hands, anda
glaring and shining light appeared around him.

"T had said earlier, whoever dares to challenge me
will either be dead or seriously injured." Everyone
had heard him clearly. They dared not speak
another word. Then Wyatt shouted, "Million
Arrows Shooting Stars."

Wow!

The air immediately froze into air blades.
Thousands of air blades surrounded Wyatt.

"Die!" Wyatt pointed at Darryl. The blades flew
toward Darryl. The silence was broken.

The crowd hissed.

It was apparent that Wyatt wanted to kill Darryl as
fast as he could. Who would be able to avoid the
thousands of air blades? The man would be
seriously injured.

"My dear!" Lily shouted as she started to rush
toward the stage, but she was too late.

3/3
Chapter 417

Chapter 417
Darryl did not panic. He stood there steadily.

He was not worried when he saw the air blades.
However, we marched forward. He used his body to
defend against the air blades.

Interestingly, the air blades shattered into pieces
when it touched Darryl's body. The man was not
injured at all!

What had happened?
Everyone was surprised.

Darryl smiled. He had worn the Celestial Silkworm
Armor. The air blades would not be able to pierce
through that. As such, he only needed to use the
upper half of his body to defend the air balance!

Then, Darryl was right in front of Wyatt. He did not
expect Darryl would be completely unhurt. He
reached out his palm to hit Darryl.

Everyone thought Darryl would avoid the punch,
but the man stuck out his palm to strike against his
opponent's palm!

It looked like they were fighting with their inner
energy?

1/4
Chapter 417

Darryl and Wyatt's palms were locked against each
other, and they battled with their inner energy.

"This guy is looking for death!"

"Yes, a Level Two Master General wants to go
against Wyatt? He must be crazy."

Everyone was excited about the fight.

No one noticed the smile on Darryl’s lips. That was
right. Darryl did that intentionally.

Darryl would not be able to defeat Wyatt as he was
the Wudang family's most talented member. Wyatt
had cultivated from countless martial secret
manuals.

However, if they were to battle with their inner
energy, Wyatt might not be able to defeat Darryl.

Even though Darryl was at a lower level than Wyatt,
but Darryl had cultivated the Pure Energy Scripture;
his inner energy had improved tremendously. His
internal energy was in par with a Level One Martial
Marquis.

Wyatt was stunned, and he struggled to hold on.
However, his inner energy was weak; it was like
water had flowed into Darryl's body. There was no
damaging effect at all.

'How could he be so strong? That's impossible. He

2/4
Chapter 417

is only a Level Two Master General," Wyatt thought.

Finally, after he held on for five minutes, Wyatt
could not stand it anymore. His face was blood-red,
his body shook, and he withdrew a few steps
backward. He dropped onto the floor and vomited a
whole mouth of fresh blood!

What? Had Darryl won?

Everyone was in shock when they saw the results.
All of them had their mouths wide open; he was
speechless. The crowd was dead silent!

Abbess Mother Serendipity, who sat near the stage,
slammed her fist on the chair beside her; her face
looked terrible.

At that moment, none of the students from the
Hexad School made a single sound.

"You—"

Wyatt stood up slowly and stared at Darryl; he could
not believe what had happened. Wyatt was the top
talent from the younger generation. His face was so
pale, and he fainted while he pointed at Darryl.

The silence was rather frightening.

Finally, someone in the crowd started to clap, and
everyone started to applause Darryl's victory.

'He won? Had he really won? My husband has won?"

3/4
Chapter 417

Lily thought.

Lily just wanted to run toward Darryl to hug and
kiss him. If Yvonne had kept a hold on the woman,
she would not be able to stand up.

4/4
Chapter 418

Chapter 418

Circe was also amazed by what had happened. "
Evelyn, this—"

"This is nothing; he won because he was lucky,"
Evelyn replied coldly. Darryl was at the right place
and at the right time. Wyatt had lost his energy
when he fought with Evelyn. It was not honorable
for Darryl to attack Wyatt with his internal energy.

Daisy's face was scarlet-red, and her body shivered;
she was in shock.

How could that useless man have won?

So, she had to confess her love to him in front of
the whole school?

No! How could she do it? How could she confess her
love to a live-in son-in-law?

The applause lasted for about one minute. Darryl
stood on the stage, and looked around before he
asked, 'Does anyone want to come up fora
challenge?"

"Spencer Luke from the Mountain Peak Sect is here
to challenge you."

A young man stood up slowly in the crowd.

1/4
Chapter 418

"What? Spencer Luke from the Mountain Peak Sect?

Everyone was surprised, and they started to shout.

If Wyatt was the number one talent, then Spencer
was the number two.

He was only twenty years old, but he had already
achieved Level Five Master General; he was as
talented as Wyatt.

The Mountain Peak Sect was only a small sect; it
only became famous because of Spencer.

All the sects were jealous of Mountain Peak Sect.
They felt that the sect was lucky to have such a
talent in their family. He was really famous.

"Spencer..."" The deputy head, which was also
Spencer's master, pulled Spencer's arm and warned
him. "When you fight him later, remember not to
do it with your inner energy. Be careful."

Spencer nodded. "Don't worry, Master. I will take
note."

Once Spencer was near the stage, he looked at
Darryl. There was nothing special about the man;
the only thing he had was stronger internal energy.
He had no other special skills. Spencer leapt onto
the stage.

2/4
Chapter 418

"Let's start. I don't have much time to play with
you," Darryl said coldly.

"You will die now!" Spencer was angry as he felt
humiliated. He charged toward Darryl with his
sword.

He had a flawless sword, and Darryl had no chance
to avoid it. The blade almost pierced Darryl's chest.
However, it was blocked by his Celestial Silkworm
Armor.

Spencer was stunned. He did not expect the sword
would not pierce through Darryl's body. He was
about to retract his blade when Darryl smiled and
reached out to punch Spencer!

Thump!

Spencer could not avoid it; the punch landed on
him. He tumbled and rolled off the stage.

What? Just one hit?

Darryl defeated Spencer with only a single hit, and
it was done in less than two seconds.

How could it be possible?

"Anyone who still wants to challenge me? You can
come up the stage together," Darryl said coldly but
clearly.

His deep voice made everyone shiver. What a wild

3/4
Chapter 418

idea; he wanted everyone to go up the stage
together?

4/4
Chapter 419

Chapter 419

"This guy is too arrogant; let's fight him together,"
someone in the crowd shouted. Then, more than 20
people rushed onto the stage.

They were from different sects and families, but
they had only one aim, and that was to defeat
Darryl.

Whoever defeated Darryl would get the opportunity
to kill the Golden Lion, and the person to kill the
Golden Lion would be famous.

Megan bit her lips and said unhappily, "It was
supposed to be aone-on-one battle, but now all of
them want to attack him at the same time. Bullies!"

Right as she said that, she felt a pair of eyes staring
at her.

She lifted her head and met Abbess Mother
Serendipity's eyes.

"What did you say, Megan?" Abbess Mother
Serendipity asked her.

At that moment, Darryl was surrounded by more
than 20 people on the stage.

All of them had their blades and swords out, and

1/5
Chapter 419

they charged toward Darry!!

Even though the men on the stage were from
famous families and sects, they did not hesitate to
attack together. How shameless!

Darryl smiled coldly at them, but he remained calm.

He raised his arms slowly; nine long dragons
appeared, and they surrounded his body!

One of the dragons roared.

All the animals in the close vicinity dropped to the
ground; that was the might of the dragon.

Everyone stood up to look at the stage. Then they
looked at Darryl.

Bang!
The nine gold dragons circled the entire stage.

"Argh!" There were many screams and shouts on
the stage. The person with the highest level was a
Level Two Master General. How could they take that
hit? In the blink of an eye, there were splashes of
blood everywhere. The men dropped to the ground
like flies; none were left standing on the stage.

What technique was that?
Everyone was in shock; no one said a word.

The crowd realized that Darryl had not been using

2/5
Chapter 419

his full power. If he were to unleash his full
potential, then everyone on the stage would be dead.

All the leaders and elders from the respective sects
were stunned when they saw that. They knew that
Darryl would be famous after that fight. He would
make history.

However, they knew that the technique Darryl used
was not one from any of the Six Sects. No one had
ever seen it before.

Darry was the only one on the stage when he said
coldly, "Anyone else?"

There was complete silence! No one dared to
challenge Darryl when they saw his real strength.

What a joke! None of the 20 men could beat him. If
someone challenged him by themselves, they
would only ask for trouble.

"Anyone else want to challenge me?" Darryl
shouted again. He was not loud, but everyone could
feel the pressure off him.

The crowd was silent again. Darryl asked for three
more times, but no one answered his challenge.
Darryl smiled proudly.

Graham sighed and walked toward the middle of
the stage. He said softly, "Darryl had defeated all of
them. Since there is no new challenger, I shall

3/5
Chapter 419

announce the winner is from the Hexad School, Darr

Before he could finish his words, Abbess Mother
Serendipity stood up and shouted, "Hang on! There
is one more contender from the Emei family."

Everyone shouted in shock.

Abbess Mother Serendipity smiled and gave Megan
a slight push. "Megan, go ahead."

What? Megan was stunned when she said, "Master,
I am only a Level One Master General, I—"

Megan had never expected that her master would
want her to join the fight. Darryl was a strong
opponent; he had defeated Wyatt and Spencer.

Abbess Mother Serendipity furrowed her brows and
said annoyingly, "I've asked you to go, so go. No
questions!"

Megan was worried when the 20 men surrounded
Darryl. She must have feelings for him. Even
though she denied it, her emotions still showed;
she could not hide it.

Abbess Mother Serendipity would never let anyone
from her family to have any connection with such a
bastard!

Megan felt conflicted. "Master, I do not wish to go

4/5
Chapter 419

onto the stage—"
Everyone stared at them.

Abbess Mother Serendipity was furious. She yelled,
"Will you not follow my order, Megan? How dare
you disobey me!"

9/5
Chapter 420

Chapter 420

Megan shivered when she heard Abbess Mother
Serendipity's words. She felt conflicted. Tens of
thousands eyes were on her. She had no choice but
to nod. "Fine, I will go."

Megan had no other choice; Abbess Mother
Serendipity was already so furious.

Abbess Mother Serendipity nodded and said, "
When you fight him, do not aim your sword at his
chest. I suspect he is wearing armor. Got it, Megan?"

Megan said, "Master, I should—"

"Aim at his lower abdomen. The armor should not
cover that part," Abbess Mother Serendipity said
coldly.

Megan's mind went blank. The lower abdomen was
the most fragile part of the human body. Would he
still be alive if she were to pierce him there?

'Did Master want me to kill Darryl?' Megan thought.

Darryl had always been kind to Megan, he even gave
her the Godly pill, and he had always been a fair
man. How could she do that to him?

"Go." Abbess Mother Serendipity gave Megan a

1/4
Chapter 420

slight push after she gave her some advice.

Everyone's eyes were on Megan. She wore a pair of
tight jeans; her body was perfect. All the men were
staring at her.

However, Megan was only a Level One Master
General. Could she be as powerful as Darryl?

The place was chaotic again; everyone talked all at
once.

On the stage, Megan stood a few meters away from
Darryl. She looked complicated.

"Megan!" Abbess Mother Serendipity pressured
Megan further.

Megan shivered, but she had to obey her master.
She held a sword in her hand.

She sighed.

Darryl also sighed as he said, "Megan, please leave
the stage. I do not want to hurt you."

Even though she was Abbess Mother Serendipity's
student, Darryl did not want to hurt Megan.

Megan was very emotional when she heard Darryl's
words. She bit her lips and felt embarrassed. The
man had said that he did not want to hurt her.

Darryl's words played on repeat in Megan's mind;

2/4
Chapter 420

she was happy to hear that.

Abbess Mother Serendipity was furious. She
shouted, "Megan, don't listen to him. Just go ahead!

"W

How could that useless bastard teased Megan; he
must be looking for death.

Darryl must be tired and weak after he defeated so
many people. When she thought about the pressure
from Abbess Mother Serendipity, Megan was about
to cry. "Master... I can't do it."

Megan was caught between her friendship with
Darryl and her master. She would have never gone
to the fight that day if she knew she would be
caught in such a predicament.

Abbess Mother Serendipity shouted fiercely, "I am
ordering you to do it. If you still hesitate, then don'
t call me Master. You will no longer be part of the
Emei family."

Abbess Mother Serendipity continued to say, ''Keep
in mind that you are representing the Emei family,
Megan. Do you want to shame our family?

She was right. Megan was a representation of the
Emei family. She bit her lips as she held her sword
tightly in her hands. Then she charged toward
Darryl.

3/4
Chapter 420

Darryl did not suspect that Megan would move
from her aim at his chest to his lower abdomen. The
blade pierced through his stomach.

The sword penetrated Darryl's abdomen; blood
oozed from the fresh wound.

"You—" Darryl's face immediately paled. He did
not expect the sword would turn in his stomach.
Darryl's breath was labored. He was pierced
through his abdomen, one of the most critical
points for cultivators. Darryl was heartbroken. He
did not expect Megan would actually injure him.

4/4
Chapter 421

Chapter 421

"Darryl—" Megan panicked; her tears flowed
uncontrollably with the sword still in her hand. Her
body shook as she said, "Sorry... I'm sorry, I didn't
mean to hurt you, I really didn't mean it..."

Her heart shattered into pieces when her sword
pierced Darryl's abdomen. She had no choice. She
had to obey her master's instruction as she was a
representation of the Emei family.

Darryl smiled; he wanted to speak, but he could not!

"Kill him, Megan!" Abbess Mother Serendipity
roared. Megan shivered as she shook her head.

She felt incredibly guilty for hurting Darryl. If she
were to kill him, she would regret it for the rest of
her life.

Darryl felt as if he was about to burst like a balloon.
A strong wave of energy rushed through from his
wound.

Since Darryl had cultivated the Pure Energy
Scripture, he had powerful internal energy; it
rushed out of his wound in his abdomen. The
intense energy sent Megan tumbling off the stage.

Abbess Mother Serendipity was impatient, and she

1/4
Chapter 421

was furious. Megan had just lost the perfect
opportunity to kill Darryl. When Megan fell off the
stage, she had lost the battle.

On the other hand, Darryl! did not do so well as his
abdomen was injured. After she considered
everything, Abbess Mother Serendipity nodded her
head.

At that moment, Darryl dropped to his knees on the
stage; he was extremely weak. He could only hold
on due to his strong determination.

"My dear!" Lily cried; she wanted to run up onto
the stage.

"Lily." Yvonne pulled the woman toward her.
Yvonne looked terrible too, but she said, "Calm
down, all the representatives from the Six Sect and
colleges are here. This is a battle; stay here and pull
yourself together."

Yvonne was heartbroken when she saw Darryl's
injury, but she tried her best to stay calm.

Lily heard Yvonne's words, but she started to cry,
and her body shook badly, "My dear, please hang in
there..."

Darryl could not stand it anymore; he fell off the
stage and fainted on the ground.

"Take Darryl off from the stage. See if we can still

2/4
Chapter 421

save him." Principal Grahamrushed toward the
stage. He said, "Everyone, I think the battle should
come to an end now. Even though Darryl has
fainted, I will declare him the winner... everyone in
agreement?"

Even though Darryl had fainted, everyone had seen
that he was the most powerful member of the
younger generations.

He defeated Wyatt, Spencer, and 20 other
contenders. Everyone could see that he did not want
to fight Megan when they battled.

Darryl deserved to be the champion. However, he
could not enjoy the moment. For a cultivator, an
injury to their abdomen was a serious matter.

Dozens of strong men from the Six Sect worked
together to carry Darryl down from the stage.

Katherine dropped to the ground. She bit her lips,
and her body shivered.

That was why she was worried; Darryl might be the
only one who could cultivate the resumption pill.
He had to hang in there.

Lily cried uncontrollably as she held onto Yvonne's
hand. She was anxious about Darryl. "He will be
fine, right, Yvonne?"

Lily's heart clenched pain when she saw Darryl's

3/4
Chapter 421

bloodied body. Her pain was beyond description.

Yvonne sighed and patted Lily's hand as she tried to
console her. "Don't worry, everything is fine. He
will be fine."

Even though she said it, she thought that Darryl
could not be able to make it through his injury.

Megan returned to her seat in the crowd.

She felt pain all over her body when she was thrown
off the stage. Her heart had ached, too.

Pain, coupled with regrets and guilt. What had she
done?

4/4
Chapter 422

Chapter 422

Darryl had helped Megan countless times. She had
solved many cases with his assistance. It was

because of Darryl that Megan could cultivate the
Master General level. However, she had injured him.

Would he die?

Megan's heart sank when she thought about that.
Abbess Mother Serendipity did not notice Megan's
emotion; she smiled when she saw Darryl's injury.
His chances of survival were slim.

"Mister Darby, I have eliminated your useless
grandson. You may now rest in peace," Abbess
Mother Serendipity said softly as she nodded with a
smile.

Graham, who stood in the middle of the stage,
raised his hands and said, "Everyone. Everyone! We
don't know about Darryl's condition yet, so we'll
end the challenge here. When Darryl is awake, he
can execute the Golden Lion then. If he does not
survive, then Miss Megan from the Emei family will
be our champion, and she will get to execute the
Golden Lion."

No one said a single word. Graham continued ina

1/4
Chapter 422

solemn voice, "Now, I have another announcement.
Recently, the Six Sects received news about strong
cultivators at the New World. They are planning an
attack against us."

All of the students from the Hexad School looked at
each other; they felt lost.

New World? What was that about?

When he realized that the students were confused,
Graham explained, "My dear students, after you've
graduated, you'll join the Six Sect. You are the
future of the Six Sects, so it is time for me to share
some information with you."

Graham said calmly, "There are two main parts of
the land in our world. The part that we are living in
is called World Nature, and the other is the New
World."

"During ancient times, the emperor and Janson
were at war. Janson lost the war, so he brought the
remainder of his soldiers and citizens to reside in
the New World. Janson used all of his energy to
create the Sea of Death to separate the two lands."

"Only the strongest cultivator could cross the Sea of
Death. This is because only the strongest cultivator
would be able to float and use his internal energy to
defend the Sea of Death's gravity. It is a perilous
journey for cultivators who are not strong enough,

2/4
Chapter 422

" Graham said slowly.
Everyone was amazed.

The Hexad School's students were surprised to hear
that. There was another land on earth. How wicked!

Graham went on to say, "Janson and his millions of
citizens retreated to the New World; they spent
thousands of years to reproduce and rebuild. They
had never interacted with our land."

"It was not until the Qing Dynasty that interaction
started between our lands. Of course, due to the Sea
of Death, only strong cultivators could cross over to
the opposite side."

Graham looked worried. "Recently, we received
news that the Emperor of the New World had sent
cultivators to our land to invite strong families to
join them. They had plans to dominate World
Nature."

"If all the families and sects were to join the New
World Emperor, they would destroy World Nature.
The New World Emperor is a cruel and aggressive
man. Sooner or later, there will be a battle between
our lands.

The atmosphere was silent; no one said a single
word. Everyone felt a sense of danger and threat in
their mind.

3/4
Chapter 422

Graham smiled when he saw everyone's worried
faces. 'Well, I believe that everyone understood
what I meant. The future may not look optimistic
for now, but I hope that when the New World
attacks us, we will be united to work together. We
will never bow to the New World Emperor,"
Graham said in confidence and pride.

Everyone was motivated. The Beggars' sect leader,
Steven Simmons, stood up and shouted, "I am

Steven Simmons, the Six-Fingered Legend 32nd
generation leader of the Beggars' sect. I shall swear
on behalf of our sect that we would fight to our end.

"That's right. We, from the Mountain Peak Sect,
agree to that, too!"

"The Great Honor Family is in agreement as well.
Even though we are not a big sect, we would still
defend World Nature until our last breath."

"United we stand!"

The students were highly-motivated, so they
started to shout. "United we stand!"

Tens of thousands of them shouted at the same
time, in pride and honor.

4/4
Chapter 423

Chapter 423

"We shall stand united to defend our land against
the New World!"

Graham was glad to hear that. He took a deep breath
and nodded with a big smile. "Great! Every one of
you is a true hero. Thank you."

Graham bowed and shouted, "We are gathered here
today, and we have made alliances; this is
something to be celebrated. As the principal of the
Hexad School, I shall take good care of everyone
here. I have prepared meals for you, so let's

continue the celebration in the school field. Cheers!
iW

"Great! Cheers!" The whole field was filled with
laughter.

It was late at night, and the moon and stars were
exceptionally bright. The entire Darby family was
asleep on that peaceful night.

In a private room, the air was tight. Queenie hugged
her knees as she sat motionlessly at a corner. Her
eyes were red—they looked hopeless. She had been
crying for a long time that her tears had dried.

She had sat there a full day and anight. The Darbys

1/4
Chapter 423

sent her food, but she had not touched any of it.

The previous night was a nightmare that she would
never forget. After Jackson raped her, her
wonderful world had collapsed. She was too
ashamed to continue her life after the monster had
raped her.

Creek!

The door made a sound; Queenie shivered in fear.
Was it that monster again? Was he there to rape her
again?

While she was worrying, someone walked in. It was
the leader of the Darby family, Drake Darby.

When he saw the fear in Queenie's eyes, he said, "
Miss, don't be afraid."

Drake did not know what Jackson had done in the
secret room the previous night. He thought the
tears on Queenie's face were because she was afraid.

"You may leave now," Drake said.

Abbess Mother Serendipity had sent a message to
Drake to inform him that one of her students had
seriously injured Darryl. She did not think he would
be able to survive it. They would not need to go
ahead with their plans, and there was no reason to
hold the lady for ransom.

Queenie asked, "Who are you? Why did you kidnap

2/4
Chapter 423

me here?"

Drake sighed and said, "Darryl would most likely
die, so I don't have to lie to you. We are the Darby
family. We brought you here to lure the bastard,
Darryl, out."

The Darby family was one of the largest families in
the city. Of course, Queenie had heard of them.

Drake spoke slowly, "I know that Darryl is your
brother-in-law. You should know that he had raped
his brother and sister, and he had killed his

grandfather... We would never forgive such a person.
"

Even though it was not honorable to restrain the
girl, he had to let her know the truth.

Before he could finish, Queenie turned furious. She
shouted, "You are a liar. My brother-in-law is not a
bad person, but all of you are! All of you are evil!"
She would never forget about the incident the
previous night.

Drake sighed. "It is up to you to believe me or not,
but it is the truth. After all the bad things that he
had done, he finally got what he deserved. He is

injured, and he would most probably not survive."

Queenie's head started to spin. Darryl was injured?

That was impossible. Darryl was so strong; how

3/4
Chapter 423

would he be injured?

Queenie did not believe him; she started to cry. "I
don't believe you. You are lying!" They were all
bastards!

Drake did not want to say anything further. "If he is
not seriously injured, do you think that I would let
you leave? Just go. Open the door and leave. No one
will stop you." Then Drake turned and left.

In the hall, Drake was visibly upset. He had always
admired Darryl. How could he make all those
mistakes repeatedly, and ended up in such a
manner? What a waste!

4/4
Chapter 424

Chapter 424

Florian walked excitedly into the room. "Father, I
heard that Megan had injured Darryl, and he would
not survive tonight. Is that true?"

That was the best news ever!

If Darryl was dead, then there was no proof that he
had raped Rebecca.

Drake nodded his head silently.

Florian felt relief as he smiled. "Oh, yes! What
about the girl that we captured? We have no use for
her now. Shall I get rid of her?"

His wife, Yumi, had been with him the whole night,
so he had no chance to go to the secret room. It was
the perfect opportunity to do that.

Drake sighed. "I have released her."

"What? You let her leave?" Florian was
disappointed.

Drake was not in the mood to speak further, so he
waved his arms and said, "She left a couple of
minutes ago. Now get out. Leave me alone."

"Fine..." Florian walked out with a smile.

1/4
Chapter 424

‘Such a beautiful girl, what a waste that I didn't get
to sleep with her.' Florian rushed out of the
residence to look for Queenie.

The sky was dark, and there were not many people
on the streets. In less than three minutes, Florian
saw Queenie alone on the road.

'Perfect timing!'

Florian trailed behind Queenie silently. He walked
as softly as he could; he did not want to make a
sound.

Queenie would definitely head back to Darryl's
place. In about five minutes, she would walk past a
quiet alley. Florian had already planned to rape her
there.

Florian was puzzled when Queenie walked past the
alley; she did not turn into it. She headed toward
the direction of the sea instead.

Why would she go to the sea at such an hour?

Soon enough, Queenie arrived at a cliff. The cliff
was about a hundred meters high, and the sea was
below it. The wave crashed onto the rocks
aggressively.

Queenie stood there and started to cry. "Cousin
Sister, Darryl, I miss you all so much, but I am too

2/4
Chapter 424

ashamed to see any of you again..."

Queenie tried her best to hold her tears back the
entire journey to the cliff; she could finally release
her emotions.

"Darryl, they sullied my reputation. I wish to die,
but I'll miss you all dearly. What should I do?"

Queenie was devastated; she could not stop crying.
Her body was so fragile, so she almost fell off the
cliff. She held her fists tightly as she cried.

She wanted revenge, but the family that abducted
her was the Darby family. They were the most
prominent family in the city. Even if Darryl were to
survive his injury, he would not be able to go
against the Darby family.

Queenie's hope was gone. She was utterly
devastated. She thought that she would end her life.

Queenie closed her eyes, and she was about to leap
off the cliff.

Suddenly a devilish laugh was heard from behind
her.

Queenie shivered and turned around to see an evil
man approaching her.

Florian!

He must have followed her. He looked like the devil,

3/4
Chapter 424

and she hated him.
"Who are you?" Queenie asked.

Florian stared at Queenie as he approached her. "It
is not important to know who I am. The most
important thing is that it's a waste for a beautiful
girl like you to die so young."

4/4
Chapter 425

Chapter 425

Florian walked closer toward the girl. He was
surprised to see Queenie was about to jump off the
cliff.

He had heard Queenie when she said that she was
no longer pure; she had been raped. He was puzzled.

The person who raped Queenie must have been
someone from the Darby family. Someone had
acted faster than him and taken advantage of her.

Florian continued to walk toward the girl with a
dark expression on his face.

"Don't come near me!" Queenie shouted loudly as
she was afraid when Florian walked closer toward
her.

Queenie closed her eyes; she wanted to jump off the
cliff.

However, she was not fast enough. Florian jumped
on her and pressed her body against the rock. He
was about to kiss her.

"Stop!" Suddenly, a woman's voice shouted; it was
stern and cold. Florian was stunned. He stopped and
turned around.

1/4
Chapter 425

A slim body figure approached them quickly.

Florian was amazed when he saw the woman; she
was as beautiful as a goddess.

She wore a traditional purple long dress. She looked
so elegant. She also wore a mask, so he could not
see her face clearly. However, it was obvious she
had a pair of attractive eyes.

Her beauty attracted Florian. Even though he had
seen many beautiful girls, she looked special and
different.

Sh*t!

Florian finally gathered his thoughts. He sized up
the lady, and smiled as he asked, "My beautiful
lady, what can I do for you?"

The girl in the long purple dress did reply to him.

Slap! The girl lifted her arms and slapped him
across the face.

The slap might have looked gentle, but only Florian
knew how scary it had been.

He felt energy swapped in him, and then he
bounced off like a kite.

"Argh!"

Florian shouted in shock; one slap had sent him

2/4
Chapter 425

right off the cliff. As he tumbled off the cliff, he
could hear the wave beneath him.

Queenie was stunned, but she was very grateful that
the lady had saved her. Even though Fabian did not
manage to do anything to her, she still had no
intention to live.

She was no longer pure, so why should she continue
to live? Then, Queenie jumped off the cliff!

Just as her feet left the ground, the lady in purple
lifted her hands gently. She managed to grab a hold
on Queenie and pulled her back to safety.

"You—" Queenie was panting. "Why did you save
me? I do not want to live anymore. I don't want to
live!"

The lady in purple looked at her. "You are still so
young, why would you want to commit suicide?"
Her voice was calm and convincing.

Queenie sighed; her eyes were red. Then she started
to sob. "I was raped. I don't want to live anymore."
She began to cry; it was a pitiful sight.

The lady in purple looked at her and said calmly, "
Since you dare to die, why won't you have the
courage to live? Learn to be stronger, and one day
you shall seek your revenge."

"I—" Queenie had nothing to say.

3/4
Chapter 425

"T had never taken a disciple. Today, I shall make an
exception and accept you as my disciple," the lady
in purple said, her voice sounded fresh.

Queenie shivered. The images of Florian as he flew
off the cliff when the lady slapped him went
through her mind.

"Sister, may I know your name?" Queenie asked
curiously.

"That doesn't matter," the lady in purple said
casually. "From now onward, you shall address me
as Master."

Then she paused and added, "I am the Honorable
Pianist, Celine Maine."

"Honorable Pianist, Celine Maine.' Queenie repeated
that in her mind.

Then, Celine gently made a swish movement with
her hands, and Queenie floated in the air. Celine
grabbed a hold on her as they flew off and
disappeared into the dark sky. @

4/4
Chapter 426

Chapter 426

Somewhere underneath the cliff, Florian gradually
opened his eyes. He was covered in blood.

"T am alive?" Florian wanted to cry. He had been
lucky. When he fell off the cliff, he thought that he
was a dead man. Who knew that a tree would break
his fall?

That was the only tree on the face of the cliff; he
would fall if he moved even a little.

"Help..."

Florian panicked as he started to shout. He tried to
stabilize his hold on the tree.

The tree had grown in the middle of the cliff walls.
The walls were slippery, so he could not climb to
safety. The sea was directly beneath him. There was
no way for him to move up or down.

Florian finally took out his cellphone to call for help.

He wanted to cry when he realized that there was no
signal on his cellphone.

'sSh*t! I did not get to rape the girl, and I almost die
because of her,' Florian thought.

A few moments later, Florian realized that the tree

1/5
Chapter 426

could no longer hold his weight. He had no choice
but to jump down to the rough seas.

It was dangerous to jump at that height. However,
Florian was a Level Five Master General, and so, he
managed to land safely on the beach. However, his
feet were numb.

Florian sighed in relief when he landed on the
beach. However, he did not know how he could
return to the top of the cliff, and his cellphone had
no signal.

He ran forward to find other ways to leave. After
some time, he arrived at a cave. It was dark and
creepy, so he was too scared to go into the cave.
However, he had no other place to go, so he held his
breath and walked in.

The cave was not that big. He heard some noises
from the ground as he entered it. He got the shock
of his life when he looked down; it was some
human skeletons. "Sh*t!" He kicked the skeletons
aside.

Suddenly, among the skeletons, a yellow-colored
scripture appeared in front of Florian. He picked it
up quickly, and he was delighted with his find. The
words on the cover were 'Mysterious Godly
Scripture’.

2/5
Chapter 426

At the Lyndon family mansion.

They were in the bedroom, and Darryl laid on the
bed with his eyes closed. He was motionless. His
breathing was feeble, and it might even stop at any
time. During the day, Principal Graham and some
elders were there to pass some of their inner energy
to Darryl. It was so he could hang on for a little
longer.

However, that was only a temporary measure. His
abdomen was wounded!

Lily brought about eight doctors to treat Darryl, but
they had unanimously given her the same
suggestion; she should make funeral arrangements
for him.

Lily and Yvonne sat beside the bed; they were
devastated.

"Yvonne, why don't you take a rest? I can take care
of him," Lily said weakly.

Yvonne bit her lips. Her heart had shattered into
pieces because she was that Darryl would die. She
tried her best to force a smile. "It's fine. I will stay
here with you."

When it was morning, Samantha walked out of her
bedroom in her pajamas and said to Lily, "Lilybud,
Yvonne dear, you should get some sleep. What is

3/5
Chapter 426

the point of sitting here? The doctors already said
that he would not survive this."

When they brought Darryl home with his body
covered with blood, Samantha was shocked.

What was the point of staying with him if he would
not survive the ordeal?

Samantha furrowed her brows. "Lilybud, don't be
foolish, you must take care of yourself. Just let this
useless guy die."

'Lily had lost three precious years married to him. If
Lily had married to some rich family, she would
have had a perfect life,' Samantha thought.

"Mother!" Lily cried angrily as her body shivered. "
How could you say that? He is your son-in-law!"
Samantha's words made her heart clenched.

When she saw Lily was emotional, Samantha shook
her head and said "What do you mean son-in-law?
I never admitted that he was one."

Then she walked away to change. Their
grandmother had announced that everyone should
go to her place for a big announcement.

After she changed her clothes and finished her
makeup, Samantha looked in the mirror and
nodded.

She looked sexy and elegant. She put on her

4/5
Chapter 426

stilettos and headed out. As she stepped out of the
door, she said, "Get rid of him now! A dying man in
the family? That's bad luck! Get him out of here, do
you hear me?"

"Mother!"

Lily could not hold in anymore; she started to cry
loudly. "Mother, stop saying that! I love Darryl!
Even if he dies, I will still only love him for the rest
of my life!"

9/5
Chapter 427

Chapter 427
"You— Argh, I am so angry!" Samantha growled.

Lily said that she would only love Darryl! Samantha
stomped her feet and shouted at her, "I shall deal
with you when I get back!" She slammed the door
and left.

Lily sighed; she only wanted to cry. She held Darryl'
s hand tightly.

Darryl's cell phone started to ring. Lily looked at the
phone and realized the call was from Miss Keith,
Darryl's class teacher.

Lily answered the call. "Hi, is this Darryl's wife?"
Katherine asked worriedly.

Lily answered, "Yes, it's me, Miss Keith."

Katherine said softly, "There's something that
might save Darryl. It is called the Nine Resurrection
Pill. If you can find it before Darryl catches his last
breath, you might be able to save him."

The abdomen was a cultivator's most critical body
part. One would typically die if their stomach were
injured. Who else could produce a Resumption Pill
for Katherine if Darryl were dead?

1/3
Chapter 427

So, Katherine looked at all the ancient manuals to
look for a way to rescue Darryl. Finally, she found it
in one of the ancient manuals, the Nine
Resurrection Pill.

"Really?"
Both Lily and Yvonne were delighted to hear that.

"Miss Keith, do you have the Nine Resurrection Pill?
" Lily asked in excitement.

Katherine sighed. "The Nine Resurrection Pill is
extremely rare. The method to produce this elixir
was lost over the generations. I don't have it."

Lily was speechless; all her hope was gone ina
second.

It was lost many generations ago, so it was
impossible to find it anymore. Lily's eyes were red
as she cried.

At that moment, Yvonne was excited. "Lily, you
take care of Darryl. I need to go out for a while. I'll
be back soon."

Yvonne turned and left the room; she took out her
cell phone and dialled a number. The call was
answered within seconds.

"Why are you calling me, Yvonne?" A man's voice
was heard from the other side of the call.

2/3
Chapter 427

Yvonne bit her lips and hesitated a few seconds. "
Jeremy, are you free? Can we meet?"

Jeremy Langley was the son of a wealthy family in
Donghai City. Yvonne had met Jeremy in an antique
exhibition about two years ago.

Jeremy had fallen in love with Yvonne at first sight.
However, Yvonne was not interested in him. That
was why he was curt with her.

Yvonne had not contacted him for more than a year.

However, she wanted to save Darryl, so she did not
hesitate to call him. In order to show off his family'
s wealth, Jeremy had told Yvonne that his family
had spent three billion bucks on a Nine

Resurrection Pill at a private auction.

Even though that was some time ago, Yvonne still
remembered it clearly.

Jeremy was excited when he heard that his goddess
wanted to meet him. He replied quickly, "Of course,
I haven't seen you in a while, Goddess. I've missed
you, dearly."

3/3
Chapter 428

Chapter 428

Yvonne continued to say, "Can you come now? I
shall wait for you at the Dream Destiny Café."

"Sure, I will be right there." Jeremy was so excited.
What fantastic news; his goddess had asked him
out!

At the Dream Destiny Café.

There were not many customers at that time; only a
few youngsters were there.

Yvonne walked into the cafe; many men looked at
her. Short skirt, stilettos, and the perfect facial
features—she looked extremely elegant and
irresistible.

However, Yvonne looked worried.

Not long after she sat down, a fashionable young
man walked in; he had a bouquet of roses in his
hand. The man was Jeremy.

"yvonne, this is for you." Jeremy looked at Yvonne
emotionally. When he saw her perfect body, he said,
"You look wonderful."

He was honest about it. Yvonne had become more

1/4
Chapter 428

and more beautiful after they last met a year ago.

Yvonne forced a smile on her face as she took the
flowers. She said, "Jeremy, I remember you said
that your family has the Nine Resurrection Pill, is
that right?"

Jeremy was surprised; he replied with a smile, "That
's right. Why do you mention this?"

Yvonne was nervous; she looked at Jeremy and
asked, "Jeremy, can you sell it to me? I will buy it at
any price."

As long as she could save Darryl, she was willing to
sacrifice her wealth.

Jeremy did not reply immediately. He furrowed his
brows and said, "Why do you want it?"

"IT need it to save someone, Jeremy. Please sell it to
me, just name your price." Yvonne was desperate.

Darryl was still unconscious; he probably had
another four to five hours!

"The person that you wanted to rescue, is it Darryl?

Jeremy smiled as he looked at Yvonne. Everyone in
Donghai City had heard about Darryl's injury at the
Lion Slaughtering Conference. Everyone knew that
one would not survive if their abdomen were

2/4
Chapter 428

wounded. Only the Nine Resurrection Pill would be
able to save him. Coincidentally, Jeremy had one at
home.

That might be the only pill in the whole wide world.

Yvonne had asked about it immediately when they
met. It was apparent that she wanted to save Darryl.

"Yes, it is Darryl." Yvonne nodded.

Jeremy smiled, "Yvonne dear, you should know.
Even though we bought the Nine Resurrection Pill
in the auction, it is the rarest pill in the world. It's
really difficult for me to sell it to you."

He mocked her in his mind as he said that. 'You had
always looked down on me, and now you are
begging for my help.'

Yvonne was desperate, so she leaned forward and
said, "Jeremy, the pill is critical to me. Please tell
me what you want for you to sell me the pill. I will
agree with your every request!"

"Anything?" Jeremy smiled.
Yvonne nodded firmly.

Jeremy looked at Yvonne's face and said, "Fine.
Marry me, then. We shall have our wedding in three
days. What do you think?"

Jeremy's blood pumped in excitement. For the past

3/4
Chapter 428

year, he had tried to get close to Yvonne, but she
never responded to him. It would be great if he
could marry her.

Would Yvonne agree to do that to save Darryl? She
did look desperate.

"How dare you!" Yvonne was furious; her body
shook in anger.

4/4
Chapter 429

Chapter 429
He wanted to marry her in three days?

Yvonne did not want to do that. Jeremy was
infamous for his lust. She had heard about his
messy sexual relationships with many women. Even
though he looked smart, he had no manners at all.
He would always shout at the waiters or security
guards when they went out together. He wanted to
show off!

Those were some of the reasons Yvonne did not
want to go out with him. How could she marry a
man like him?

However, if she did not agree to his terms, he would
never agree to give the pill to her, and she would
not be able to rescue Darryl.

Yvonne was confused and puzzled.

When he saw that Yvonne was still in doubt, Jeremy
held her hand and said, "Yvonne, I am not taking
advantage of you. I really like you; I was attracted to
you from the first sight. It is my dream to marry
you. It's true. I will treat you well, I promise."

Jeremy looked sincere. "If you agree to this, then I
will give you the Nine Resurrection Pill to save

1/3
Chapter 429

Darryl."
Yvonne blushed; she pulled her hand back quickly.

"Tf you don't agree to that, then I shall leave."
Jeremy stood up and turned to leave. He could see
that Yvonne wanted the pill desperately.

As expected, Yvonne was nervous once Jeremy
stood up. She grabbed his hand. "Don't go, I—"

Yvonne bit her lips until it was about to bleed!

"Fine, I agree with your terms! I agree!" Yvonne's
eyes were red. She had no choice; she would regret
her if anything bad were to happen to Darryl.

Jeremy was happy to hear that. "Great!"
He had always dreamed about marrying Yvonne.

Yvonne looked firmly at Jeremy. "Don't forget your
promise. Jeremy. I want you to send me the pill
immediately."

Jeremy nodded and smiled, "Fine. As you have
agreed, we shall announce the news about our
marriage tomorrow morning. This is excellent
news. We shall celebrate it grandly and let the entire
Donghai City know about it."

Jeremy knew the only reason Yvonne agreed to
marry him was to save Darryl.

He wanted to announce the news so that Yvonne

2/3
Chapter 429

would not be able to go back on her decision. Her
family would be in shame if she were to go back on
her words.

Yvonne shivered, and her lips bled.

He wanted to announce the news. Once he released
the information about their marriage, then she
would not be able to turn back! All the families in
Donghai City would send gifts, and she would have
to marry him.

Yvonne felt complicated, but she nodded. "Fine."

Jeremy was excited, so he smiled and said, "Alright,
then. Wait for my call, I will go home to discuss it
with my family, and then, I'll send you the pill."

Jeremy stood up and walked out of the café happily.

As Jeremy left, Yvonne started to cry. 'Darryl, I
would do anything for you.'

3/3
Chapter 430

Chapter 430

'T am willing to marry anyone if I have to do it for
you. I just want you to live.'

At the Young family residence.

The Young family residence was calm and peaceful
as always, but the atmosphere at the main hall was
solemn.

Yvonne had returned with the news of her
impending marriage. She would marry a son from
the Langley family. Of course, she had omitted the
part about saving Darryl.

Kingston looked at Yvonne and asked curiously, "
Do you really want to marry Jeremy?"

Ever since Yvonne met Darryl, she was head over
heels in love with him. It looked like she was finally
over that.

He had met Jeremy a couple of times. The young
man looked smart, and his family was wealthy. He
was a much better choice than Darryl.

Yvonne's eyes were red as she replied softly, "
Father, I have thought about it. Please help me

1/4
Chapter 430

spread the news."

"Good, that's great!" Kingston was so happy; his
daughter was about to get married. He left the main
hall and started to call their relatives.

The Young family had many relatives and
connections in Donghai City. The eldest daughter of
the Young family would get married in three days!
The news spread all over Donghai City.

An hour later, a luxurious sports car drove into the
car porch of the Young residence. Jeremy stepped
out with a unique wooden box in his hand.

"Yvonne, Yvonne..."

Once he stepped into the garden, he walked
excitedly to the hall and handed the wooden box to
Yvonne. "The Nine Resurrection Pill, this is it."

Yvonne walked out quickly in her stilettos; she took
the wooden box from Jeremy.

She opened the box and saw a pill in it. It was
shining, and it looked lively.

Yvonne did not think any further. She stood up and
headed out.

Jeremy followed her. "Yvonne, are you taking this
pill to Darryl? I can go with you."

2/4
Chapter 430

They would get married soon; he wanted to be with
her.

Yvonne bit her lips and said coldly, "That's fine. I
can go on my own."

Then she continued to say, "You should take care of
the wedding preparations."

Even though she had agreed to marry him, she still
rejected him. She did not want him by her side.
Hence, she had to find some excuse to make him
stay away.

Jeremy nodded. "You're right. You are such a nice
person, Yvonne. The most important thing right
now is the wedding arrangements. This will be the
most luxurious wedding in the entire Donghai City!
Don't worry, Yvonne, all the ladies in Donghai City
would be envious of you! I shall invite many rich
and famous people to our wedding, and also people
from our social circles!"

Jeremy laughed. "I have been cultivating for the
past year, Yvonne. There will be elders at our
wedding too..."

"Fine, you can go ahead with the arrangements."
Yvonne interrupted him.

"Great, great! I shall go now." Jeremy left happily.

Yvonne sighed when she saw him leave. Then, she

3/4
Chapter 430

took a deep breath and drove straight to the Lyndon
family home.

4/4
Chapter 431

Chapter 431
The Lyndon Mansion.

It was daytime yet the entire house was silent with
only the sounds of Darryl’s weak breathing.

Lily had been taking care of Darryl for a long time
and was extremely exhausted yet she still endured.

She was waiting for a miracle where Darryl would
open his eyes and called her ‘Honey’.

However, she was uncertain whether this moment
would arrive at all.

Creak.

At that moment, the door suddenly opened anda
haggard Yvonne came rushing in with a pill that
irradiated a brilliant glow in her hand and quickly
said, “Lily, look what I’ve got here!”

“Yvonne, that’s...”

Lily excitedly stood up when she saw the pill in
Yvonne’s hand.

“Tt’s the Nine Resurrection Pill!” Yvonne exclaimed
with joy and anxiety as she quickly walked to the
bedside and placed the pill into Darryl’s mouth.

1/4
Chapter 431

Nine Resurrection Pill!?

Lily was stunned for a moment before feeling
delighted. Both ladies smiled and teared up upon
seeing Darryl consuming the pill.

However, it was tears of joy this time! @

As expected, a hint of rosiness soon returned to
Darryl’s pale face.

Lily was overjoyed but eventually came to her
senses and asked Yvonne, “Yvonne... Where did you
get this pill?”

Miss Katherine said the Nine Resurrection Pill
refinement method had been lost for centuries!

Yvonne went out for barely three hours and
returned with the pill!? How could this be possible!

Yvonne tightly held her hands as she forced a smile
and simply said, “I got it from a friend.”

“A friend?” Lily’s face was filled with curiosity.

“Tt’s fine, there’s no need to talk about this.
Anyway, I’ve got some good news to tell you. I’m
getting married three days later.” Yvonne put up a
happy expression, but her smile contained some
reluctance.

What?

2/4
Chapter 431

‘She’s getting married even though she never had a
boyfriend? Who’s she marrying?’ Lily thought.

Lily stared at her with disbelief.

Yvonne carried a faint smile on her face, but her
heart was truly aching. There was a slight shimmer
in her eyes as she tried to hold back her tears. “The
groom is Langley's young master, Jeremy. I better
get going. Darryl should be waking up ina
moment.”

Yvonne turned and left the room as soon as she
finished her words.

“yvonne! What’s going on? You’re marrying
Jeremy! ?” Lily anxiously called out as she hastily
walked toward Yvonne.

Everyone in Donghai City knew that Jeremy was a
good for nothing playboy who always created
problems for his father. He was a pervert with a
drinking and gambling habit! How could Yvonne
marry such aman!?

“Lily, give me your blessing. I’ve made up my
mind,” said Yvonne coldly as she turned and left.
However, tears burst out of her eyes as soon as she
left.

Yvonne looked back at the mansion and quietly
gave her blessing. ‘Darryl, you already have Lily by

3/4
Chapter 431

your side. You must cherish her for treating you so
well. You and I are simply not meant to be together
in this lifetime.’

Yvonne’s makeup was instantly ruined by her tears.

Two days later at the Lyndon Mansion.

Darryl was unaware of how long he had been
unconscious as he laid on the bed. His mind was ina
muddle as though he just had a long dream.

Huff.

Darryl felt that his entire body was weak and sore
when he opened his eyes. His energy field in
particular was still aching.

“Hubby!”

4/4
Chapter 432

Chapter 432

Darryl instantly heard a joyful voice which was
followed by the appearance of a beautiful figure in
front of him.

It was from Lily!

Darryl could not help but laugh upon seeing Lily’s
eyes that were swollen from crying. “What’s wrong,
Lilybud? Why are your eyes so red?”

Lily tightly held Darryl’s hands as she laid on his
body and cried tears of joy. “Hubby... it's amazing
that you’re awake. I thought I’ve lost you...”

Lily had been constantly praying for him to come
round ever since Darryl’s injury! The heavens
finally listened to her prayers and Darryl was awake
now...

Of course, the person who contributed the most was
none other than Yvonne who brought them the
Nine Resurrection Pill.

Darryl felt warm as saw Lily’s tears and gently
patted her shoulder. “There, there, I’m fine now...”

He heartily smiled and continued, “Besides, how
can I die when we haven’t even made love yet?”

1/5
Chapter 432

Lily became shy and her delicate face immediately
blushed upon hearing Darryl’s words.

Darryl was still a smooth-talker even now!

Lily stood up in embarrassment and stomped her
feet. “So uncouth.”

She could not help but tuck Darryl under the
blanket as she spoke and gently asked him, “Hubby,
are you hungry? I’ll cook something for you.”

Darryl had been unconscious for two days and had
not even drunk a drop of water. No cultivator would
be able to endure that situation.

Darryl licked his dry lips and said with a smile, “I’m
not hungry, just a little thirsty.”

Lily nodded her head and hastily poured a glass of
water upon hearing his words. She carefully
propped Darryl up and fed him the water. Even
though her movements were a little clumsy, it was
still kind and gentle.

Gulp gulp.

Darryl happily drank a few mouthfuls of water
while savoring Lily’s tenderness. He immediately
felt a lot better now.

“Lilybud, how long was I unconscious?” Darryl
asked after swallowing the water.

2/5
Chapter 432

Lily huffed and smiled gently. “You’ve been
unconscious for two days now. I was so afraid
during the past two days that something might’ve
happened to you. Thankfully the Nine Resurrection
Pill managed to save you.”

Nine Resurrection Pill?

Darryl’s expression became solemn in an instant
upon hearing Lily mentioning the pill.

It was recorded in the Infinite Elixir Manual that
the Nine Resurrection Pill was very mystical. It was
specifically used to treat lower energy field injuries!
There were three energy fields on the human body,
located on the head, chest, and lower abdomen
respectively.

The Nine Resurrection Pill only had a single
function which was to heal a cultivator’s lower
energy field.

If the lower energy field was injured, no other
medicine except the Nine Resurrection Pill could
help! Therefore this elixir pill was one of the best!
It could not be bought on the market even if one
had money!

Moreover, the Nine Resurrection Pill could not be
refined by any ordinary person. In addition, the pill’
s refinement method had been long lost and

3/5
Chapter 432

presently only Darryl knew how to refine it.

Darryl could not help but ask Lily after thinking, “
Lilybud, where did you get the Nine Resurrection
Pill?”

Lily had just become a cultivator and would not
know of any Pill Refining Masters.

Lily’s expression was uneasy as she gently sighed
and softly answered, “It’s...Yvonne, she brought
the pill.”

Yvonne Young?

Darryl was stunned as his mind flooded with the
image of a slim and beautiful figure.

Yvonne actually found the Nine Resurrection Pill?

Although Darryl was shocked, he did not think
much of it and changed the topic. “Lilybud, what
did the principal say after I fainted on the battle
stage?”

Lily thought for a moment and said, “The principal
said that you’re completely worthy of being the
champion, it’s just that you are heavily injured. The
responsibilities of dealing with the Golden Lion will
have been yours had you survived. Otherwise,
Megan will be handling it. They probably think that
you’re dead now...and I’m guessing they’ll be
handling the responsibility to Emei Sect’s Megan

4/5
Chapter 432

soon...”
What?

“Honey... Quick... Get me the phone,” said Darryl
anxiously. He almost died for the right to kill and
was not about to lose it!

9/5
Chapter 433

Chapter 433
Darryl grabbed his phone and gave Katherine a call.

“Miss Katherine, I’m awake. Has Megan been given
the Golden Lion’s killing rights?” Darryl asked
hastily.

Katherine was stunned on the other side of the
phone as she heard Darryl’s voice. She was
pleasantly surprised and asked, “You’re awake?”

Katherine gently rubbed her chest in relief. “That’s
great news. I’m so glad you’re alright.”

Katherine pondered as she spoke, ‘Only the Nine
Resurrection Pill could heal Darryl’s injury. Could it
be that his family found that mystical pill?’

This would be too amazing.

Katherine was still stunned as she heard Darryl
slowly say, “Miss Katherine, please let the principal
know it’s time for him to fulfill his promise since I’
m the champion.”

Katherine nodded her head and said, “Don’t worry, I
"ll inform the principal. He’s still at school along
with the other sects’ elites. I’ll inform them now.”

Click.

1/6
Chapter 433

Katherine quickly hung up the call as soon as she
finished her words.

The time was 2pm.
The Lyndon Mansion was extremely lively!

Several dozen luxury cars were parked in front of
the mansion while hundreds of people gathered
inside.

Most of those who attended were the Six Sects’ elite
disciples, some cultivators, and even members of
prominent families. All of them came to visit upon
hearing the news that Darryl had awakened.

Darryl’s performance during the Lion Slaughtering
Conference was utterly stunning after all! These
cultivators were fascinated with Darryl’s survival
even after his lower energy field had been stabbed.

The neighboring residents crowded the mansion’s
exterior upon seeing so many luxury cars parked
outside.

“Look, all these million bucks cars...”

“T saw those who came down from these cars are
the Six Sects’ famous elites. I can’t believe such
powerful people will visit here...”

“Yeah right, who are they visiting? I don’t believe

2/6
Chapter 433

there’s such an important person in our little
community...”

Meanwhile, in the mansion’s bedroom.

Darryl cozily sat on the bed with Lily sitting by the
bed as she attentively cared for him. Numerous
snacks including a peeled apple were placed on the
table beside him.

Many people were envious of such moments.

There were a lot of people in the bedroom including
the Principal, Graham, Six Sects’ high-ranking
members, heads of other smaller sects, and even
prominent family leaders were there.

Graham was amazed and said to Darryl with a smile,
“Haha, I knew the heavens will bless good students
like you to be safe.”

Darryl humbly nodded his head and said, “Sir, you’
re too kind. I’m immensely grateful for you and all
the other elders’ visitation. I should get down the
bed and pay my respects, but instead...”

Darryl smiled wryly. He was heavily injured such
that even lifting his arm would prove strenuous. He
could not get off the bed...

Graham waved his hand and laughed. “That’s
alright. Everyone knows you haven’t fully
recovered from your injuries, there’s no need for

3/6
Chapter 433

formalities.”

Everyone around nodded and laughed upon hearing
Graham’s words. Darryl was so powerful at such a
young age while still being humble and patient
toward his elders. He was such an outstanding and
talented man!

At that moment, Wudang Sect’s Master Leonard
fervently looked at Darryl and said, “Darryl, I would
like you to be my apprentice. What do you say?”

What?
Master Leonard wanted Darryl to be his apprentice?

One should know that Master Leonard was Wudang
Sect’s deputy head whose status and renown in the
martial arts world was even higher than Graham’s.
Darryl’s future would be limitless were he to
become his apprentice.

“This...” said Darryl as he scratched his head.

Darryl was honestly tempted to be Master Leonard’
s apprentice. However, he already had two other
titles—Eternal Life Palace Sect’s Hall Master and
Grandmaster Heaven Cult’s Elder Master.

His roles would be too confusing if he were to also
join Wudang Sect.

Master Leonard assumed Darryl was still stunned

4/6
Chapter 433

seeing his hesitation. He did not press on but
instead smilingly looked at him.

“What’s so good about becoming Wudang Sect’s
disciple?”

At that moment, a beautiful lady emerged from the
side. She was Xiaoyao Sect’s, Naomi Grand.

Naomi was head of the Xiaoyao Sect. Although she
was a female just like Emei Sect’s leader, her power
surpassed many others. She was widely known in
the martial arts world and should not be
underestimated.

“Miss Grand, what’s the meaning of this? Trying to
snatch my disciple?” said Master Leonard with
discontent.

Naomi ignored him and instead looked at Darryl
with a smile and said, “Darryl, I’ll have you as my
sole apprentice. I’ll teach you Xiaoyao Sect’s hidden
techniques and within two years, you’ll be the
rising star of the martial arts world.”

Naomi would not allow Wudang Sect to snatch away
such a talented man.

Darryl was dumbfounded as he quietly swallowed
his saliva.

A venerable monk wearing a red robe while
emanating a dignified and refined aura emerged

5/6
Chapter 433

from the crowd before Darryl could regain his
senses.

He was Shaolin Sect’s, Master Reed.

Master Reed placed his palms together and nodded
at Darryl and said with a serious expression, “
Xiaoyao Sect’s cultivation methods are too graceful
and unsuitable for you to cultivate. How about you
join the Shaolin Sect, and I’ll teach you our secret
techniques.”

Master Reed was interrupted by another voice
before he could finish his words. “Darryl, come join
Kunlun Sect...”

“Don’t listen to them, Tianshan Sect’s cultivation
methods are the most suitable for you.”

“Although the Sanyang Sect is a small sect, we also

have powerful techniques available for you to learn
»”

In an instant, all the elites requested Darryl to join
their sect. They would have tried to snatch him
physically away were it not for Darryl’s weak body.

6/6
Chapter 434

Chapter 434
Oh sh*t.

Darryl was utterly stupefied at the scene in front of
him. He never thought he would be so popular.

The funny part was that these Six Sects’ Elders were
usually high and mighty, but now they were like
street vendors vying to attract customers.

It was truly an interesting moment.

Darryl smiled without saying a word as he silently
sat there and watched.

Graham laughed as well and loudly said, “Everyone
stop arguing, Darryl hasn’t completely recovered
from his injuries. He needs a peaceful rest...”

Everyone looked at each other and stopped arguing
upon hearing Graham’s words. However, their
gazes at Darryl were still fervent as before.

Darry let out a sigh of relief. Thankfully the
principal stepped in. Otherwise, it would be hard for
Darryl to make a decision with all Six Sects’ Elders
refusing to back down.

At that moment, Graham pulled out a key and
handed it to Darryl. “Darryl, it’s clear to everyone

1/7
Chapter 434

you are the Lion Slaughtering Conference
Champion. The Golden Lion is locked in the Hexad
School’s private room and this is the key to the
room.”

Darryl’s expression was filled with joy as he
accepted the key. As he was about to speak, a burst
of loud laughter erupted from the room’s entrance!

“Sorry I’m late, please excuse me, Mister Darryl!”

This voice was thunderous and magnificent which
obviously came from a man with immense internal
energy. Everyone looked in the direction of the
voice.

A man who was roughly 50 years old stepped into
the room. He was wearing a gray Chinese jacket and
had an extremely powerful aura!

The man walked toward his bedside and said slowly,
“Mister Darryl, you instantly became famous
during the Lion Slaughtering Conference, truly an
admirable sight to behold. I’m Zoran Carter, glad to
make your acquaintance.”

Zoran Carter!

Darryl took a deep breath upon hearing that name
and could not help but asked, “Carter? Could you be
from Mid City’s Carter family?”

“Indeed, Zoran is the Carter family’s patriarch,”

2f 4
Chapter 434

replied someone from the side.
Damn.

Darryl was shocked as his mind was in a buzz upon
hearing that answer. He blankly stared at Zoran.

There were so many families from all sorts of
places, but there were only a few that were truly
famous across the lands. For instance, the Darby
family was known as Jiangnan’s top family, but it
was still restricted to the Jiangnan region. His
family was rather insignificant at the national level.

Naturally, only extremely large families were
known across the world. For instance, everyone
knew about Kyoto’s Newman family.

Besides these extremely large families, there were
also a few hidden families.

These hidden families were tremendously powerful
but did not involve themselves in matters of the
martial arts world, therefore only a few people
knew about them.

The Carter family was a family of cultivators that
had been hidden for centuries! Indeed, their whole
family consists of cultivators and all of them were
quite powerful!

Rumor has it that the Carter family’s patriarch,
Zoran did not involve himself in the martial arts

3/7
Chapter 434

world’s matters, but his strength was not inferior
to the Six Sects’ heads! He was an absolute first class expert!

At that moment, Naomi could not help but asked, “
Sir Carter, you’re here too? Are you here to fight
over an apprentice as well?”

Master Leonard, Master Reed, and everyone else
instantly showed a worried expression.

If Zoran were to ask Darryl to be his apprentice and
Darryl accepted, they could do nothing but look on
in despair.

After all, the Carter family was a family of
cultivators that had been hidden for centuries and
whose strength was not weaker than any of the Six
Sects’.

More importantly, the Carters and the Six Sects
always had a good relationship and it would be
inappropriate to ruin it.

At that moment, Zoran looked at Darryl with a
smile and asked, “Mister Darryl, I came here today
to ask if you know Daniel Darby? I feel both of you
look quite alike.”

Darryl smiled wryly and said, “Daniel is my father.”
“He’s your father?”

Zoran’s eyes were wide opened as he checked out

4/7
Chapter 434

Darryl and suddenly laughed. “It’s as I thought. No
wonder both of you look so similar, turns out you’
re his son!”

What was going on?
Everyone present looked at each other in confusion.

How were these strangers suddenly so wellacquainted?

Darryl was shocked and said, “Sir, you and my
father...”

Zoran laughed as he could not hold back his
excitement and interrupted Darryl before he could
finish his sentence. “Your father and I are pretty
much-sworn brothers.”

Zoran lightly sighed and continued speaking with
much emotion, “It all began twenty years ago when
I was still an ordinary child of the family with no
way of inheriting the patriarch position. I was still
young so I wandered the martial arts world trying
to make a living. I still remember clearly it was
winter when I arrived in Donghai City. I was badly
injured from fighting off a group of gangsters in
order to save a female student and laid on the snow
with barely an inch of my life left.”

Zoran paused for a moment, looked at Darryl, and
smiled. “Your father rescued me at that time. Your

3/7
Chapter 434

father even took care of me for over two months
after I had awakened. During those two months,
your father and I immediately hit it off and almost
became sworn brothers. However, your grandfather
stopped us saying that my origins were unknown.”

Darryl smiled wryly seeing Zoran’s helpless
feelings. Indeed his grandfather was rather
stubborn at times.

Zoran continued, “Eventually I recovered and
before I left, your father and I made an agreement.
Our children will be sworn brothers if they are both
males and shall be married if they are of opposite
genders...”

“Eventually I had two daughters and my eldest
should be married to you,” said Zoran followed by
loud laughter, “I wonder if Mister Darryl is engaged
to anyone at the moment?”

Oh sh*t.

Darryl was immediately stunned upon hearing
those words and instinctively took a glance at Lily
beside him.

Never did he think his father would have such
experiences when he was younger. It was
unexpected that Daniel would know such a hidden
and important figure.

It was just that...Darryl was utterly embarrassed by

6/7
Chapter 434

his father’s and Zoran’s agreement to marry their
children with his wife present.

As expected, Lily’s expression slowly flushed, and
rolled her eyes at Darryl seemingly from anger, but
her eyes still contained tenderness for Darryl. It was
simply alluring.

7/7
Chapter 435

Chapter 435

Darryl scratched his head. “Uh... I already have a
wife, Sir...”

There was a slight disappointment in Zoran’s eyes
as he said, “Ah... That’s alright. I guess your father
must’ve forgotten about our agreement. We haven’
t seen each other for over 20 years after all. It takes
a lot of effort for us to communicate with one
another since technology back then isn’t advanced
and eventually we drifted apart. Speaking of which,
where’s your father?”

Darryl scratched his head and smiled. “My parents
are in the countryside.”

Darryl was speechless after bringing this up. He
bought the mansion right next to Mansion No. 001
for his parents to enjoy, but these two old folks
complained about lots of things including the lack
of the countryside’s freedom, and did not even stay
for a week.

Darryl had no choice but to let them return.

Zoran nodded his head and solemnly looked at
Darryl. “Darryl, by right you should’ve been my son
-in-law due to the agreement between your father

1/5
Chapter 435

and I, but seeing that you’re already married, how
about you be my godson instead?”

What?
Zoran wanted Darryl to be his godson?

The surrounding people instantly froze in shock
with an uneasy look on their faces. Everyone
wanted to have Darryl as their apprentice, but
Zoran unexpectedly made his own way and asked
Darryl to be his godson.

Darryl scratched his head as he was uncertain how
to reject him and simply said, “Sir, I think I’ll need
my parent’s approval before accepting a godfather,
right...”

“Give me your father’s number. I'l] call your father
right now,” said Zoran.

Zoran really dialed the number which Darryl gave
him.

The following scene proved that Zoran and Darryl’s
father was indeed good old friends. Both of them
were happily chatting away for over 10 minutes
before Zoran brought up the main topic. He told
Daniel he wanted Darryl to be his godson.

Daniel without even thinking said, “Zoran, pass the
phone to my son.”

Darryl answered the phone and heard his father

2/5
Chapter 435

shouting from the other side, “Listen here you little
brat. You’ ll be Zoran’s godson from today onward,
do you understand? Quick, call him Godfather.”

“Uh...” Darryl’s face was filled with anguish.

What was the meaning of this? Darryl’s
performance during the Lion Slaughtering
Conference was exceptional but what he received
was another father...

“You better call him quickly!” Daniel said angrily
and was about to lose his patience.

“Godfather,” mumbled Darryl begrudgingly. He
had no choice but to accept Zoran as his godfather.

Daniel nodded with satisfaction and hung up the
phone after hearing his son call Zoran Godfather.

Zoran burst into laughter and patted Darryl’s hand.
“Son, I’ll send someone to bring you to the Carters’
residence as our guest once you’ve fully recovered.
Well then, you should get some rest. We won’t
bother you anymore.”

Zoran pulled the Six Sects’ members out of the
room as he spoke.

“Darryl, consider the Mountain Peak Sect. I’ll
accept you as my final disciple!”

“Xiaoyao Sect welcomes you too...”

3/5
Chapter 435

The crowd of people was already at the entrance yet
they still turned around and relentlessly threw their
offers at Darryl.

In a luxurious mansion within Donghai City.

Evelyn flung the fruits on the table to the ground.
The servants nearby were all so frightened that
they dared not breathe aloud.

Everyone knew Evelyn was in a bad mood and no
one dared to offend her.

“The Six Sects claimed to be honorable sects, yet
they used such underhanded tactics! Otherwise,
how could they capture Grandpa.” Evelyn was so
angry her chest trembled as she sat on the sofa.

Evelyn’s grandfather was her only relative and she
could not let anything happen to him!

Ring ring.
At that moment, Evelyn’s phone rang.

She answered the call from Circe as she said, “
Evelyn, I just received news that Darryl is fine. The
principal even handed him the private room key
where they imprisoned your grandfather.”

What?

4/5
Chapter 435

Darryl was alive?

Evelyn was stunned and in complete disbelief upon
hearing those words.

Darryl’s lower energy field was stabbed by that
Emei Sect lady on the battle stage.

The energy field was a cultivator’s most vital area.

9/5
Chapter 436

Chapter 436

Darryl should be dead after suffering such a heavy
injury. How was he still alright?

Circe’s voice continued, “Evelyn, I’ll accompany
you to meet Darryl. Let’s see if we can convince him
to let your grandfather go...”

There was a glint in Evelyn’s eyes as she softly said,
“Circe, thanks for telling me this news. I-I’ll go
find him myself.”

Evelyn hung up the phone before Circe could reply.

Previously, Evelyn made Darryl apologize to her on
his knees and even had him wash her feet. He would
surely begrudge Evelyn.

Darryl would definitely make things difficult for
Evelyn if she were to seek his help.

It would be embarrassing in the event Darryl
rejected Evelyn’s request in front of Circe.

Early the next morning, Lily fed Darryl some
porridge before hurriedly leaving for school.

She had already taken two day’s leave to care for

1/4
Chapter 436

Darryl and could no longer delay her lessons.

Darryl felt miserable being at home alone today. He
did not even have the energy to relieve himself at
the toilet.

According to the Infinite Elixir Manual, Darryl
would be extremely weak during the first three days
after consuming the Nine Resurrection Pill as the
pill was slowly repairing his energy field. However,
he would be fully recovered on the fourth day.

Today was already the third day. Darryl only had to
endure one more day before returning to his usual
active self.

It was noon and Darryl’s bladder was already at its
limits. At that moment, a sound came from the
bedroom door.

Creak.

Darryl thought Lily had returned, but when he was
immediately stunned upon looking over.

A beautiful lady with a simply alluring figure
walked into the room with an even more eyecatching red hair.

It was Evelyn.

Darryl came to his senses and looked at Evelyn in
astonishment. “It’s you? What are you doing here?”

2/4
Chapter 436

Evelyn did not say a single word with her
emotionless face. She went toward Darryl and
started frisking all over his body.

Circe had told Evelyn that the Hexad School’s
Principal had given the private room key where
they had imprisoned Evelyn’s grandfather to
Darryl. Once Evelyn found where Darry] lived, she
wanted to get the key and leave without talking to
him.

Damn!

Darryl was restless upon feeling Evelyn’s delicate
hands touching all over his body. The constant
scent of Evelyn’s fragrance made Darryl’s mind fall
into a daze.

Evelyn eventually stopped after failing to find
anything on Darryl. She took a few steps back and
stared at him coldly. “Where’s the key?”

‘This is so frustrating. I can’t believe this bastard
doesn’t have the key on him!’ Evelyn thought.

Evelyn blushed at the thought of her hands
brushing against Darryl’s skin as she was frisking
his body.

‘Haha, so she’s here for the key.’

Darryl could not help but laughed and looked at

3/4
Chapter 436

Evelyn with a smile. “I’ve hidden the key away. No
one knows where it is other than me. Not even my
wife nor my mother-in-law could find it.”

Darryl almost died on the battle stage for this key.
How could he simply keep it on his body? He had it
hidden way beforehand!

Darryl purposely teased Evelyn and said, “Sigh.
What you’re doing here isn’t right, Miss Evelyn.
Barging into my room and frisking my body. Could
you have taken a fancy for me? Good thing that my
wife isn’t at home. It’ll be terrible if she saw it.”

“You...”

Evelyn blushed as she felt a little anxious. “Where
did you hide the key?”

‘This bastard is pissing me off too much!’ Evelyn
thought.

Darryl laughed and said, “The world has truly
changed. How can one be so assertive when asking
for someone else’s things?”

‘F*ck you. You made me wash your feet in the cafe,
recorded it, and even uploaded it all over the
internet last time. Now, you come demanding the
key from me with such sh*tty attitude. Is this even
reasonable?’ Darryl thought.

4/4
Chapter 437

Chapter 437

“T’ll ask you once more, where’s the key! ?” Evelyn
flicked her wrist and pulled out a dagger before
pressing it against Darryl’s neck. “Hand over the
key!”

Oh sh*t!

Darryl could feel the blade’s coldness against his
skin. He could not dodge Evelyn’s actions with his
current body condition.

Darryl doubled down and said to Evelyn, “Come on,
kill me then. Once I’m dead, Emei Sect will be
dealing with your grandfather. There’ll be no hope
for you to save your grandfather at that time.”

“You’re still so stubborn!” Evelyn lightly pushed
the dagger against Darryl’s neck and left a bloodied
line.

“Come on, do it,” said Darryl coldly. He was certain
Evelyn would not kill him!

“You...” Evelyn bit her lip and kept the dagger upon
hearing Darryl’s words before saying to him ina
gentler tone, “Darryl, could you please give me the
key?”

Darryl felt pleased as this was his first time hearing

1/5
Chapter 437

Evelyn talking in such a gentle manner. He smiled,
looked at her, and said, “Finally some sincerity.”

Evelyn quickly grabbed an apple and a fruit knife
beside Darryl as he finished his sentence. “How
about I peel an apple for you?”

‘When did Evelyn become so submissive? This is
probably her first time peeling fruit for someone,
such sincerity!’

However, Darryl still shook his head and smiled. “I
don’t feel like eating.”

‘This bastard!’ Evelyn scolded internally.

She anxiously stomped her feet and said, “What
exactly do you want?”

Darryl did not say a word and simply checked her
out with a smile. He looked at Evelyn from top to
bottom with a sly grin on his face.

Evelyn looked young, pretty, and was simply
alluring today wearing a pair of black jeans and a
sweatshirt.

‘This bastard... What does he want?’ Evelyn thought.

Darryl’s stare made Evelyn shy and angry as though
her entire body was trapped under his gaze.
However, she could not afford to get mad under
such circumstances and simply endured.

2/5
Chapter 437

Darryl was filled with smiles. Evelyn previously
made things difficult for Darryl when he wanted the
Heart of the Ocean. How could he so easily give her
the key now?

Darryl] retracted his gaze and softly said, “I can give
you the key, but...first I need to pee.”

Although Darryl was a shameless man, he still
slightly blushed after saying those words.

Darryl had been holding his pee for the whole day
and was about to burst if he continued holding any
longer.

Evelyn blushed and rudely said, “Then go! Why are
you telling me this?”

“Miss Evelyn, can’t you see? How am I supposed to
go when I can barely move?” The smile on Darryl’s
face widened as he continued, “Didn’t you want to
prove your sincerity? Now’s your chance so help me
to the washroom.”

What?

Evelyn was stunned as she stared at Darryl with
embarrassment and anger.

‘T can’t believe this bastard wants me to accompany
him into the washroom. How shameless can he be!?
How could I agree to such an embarrassing thing!’

3/5
Chapter 437

Evelyn thought.

Darryl was not worried the least when he felt Evelyn
’s anger and slowly said, “I’ve given you a chance,

but since you’re still unwilling then you may leave. I
ll go to the washroom when my wife is back. Please

close the door on your way out.”

Voy! »

Evelyn was downright mad. She could not believe
such a shameless man could exist!

However, were she to refuse there would be no
other way for her to obtain the key. Evelyn was
raging with embarrassment and only wanted to kill
this bastard at that moment.

“Hey, I can’t hold it much longer. Are you helping
me or not?” Darryl exclaimed loudly.

Darryl was not faking it, he truly could not hold it
much longer!

Evelyn took a deep breath from seething with
anger. “Fine, give me the key once I help you to the
washroom!”

Darryl indifferently said, “Maybe I’ll give you the
key when my mood is good once you’ve helped me
to the washroom, but I might also not give it to you
when my mood is bad. What’s certain is that I

definitely won’t be giving you the key if you don’t

4/5
Chapter 437

help me to the washroom.”

Darryl’s words made Evelyn utterly angered. She
wanted to retort, but Darryl had already closed his
eyes in a smug manner before she could. She could
only stomp her feet toward Darryl and said, “Fine,
fine, I’ll help you.”

9/5
Chapter 438

Chapter 438
Evelyn helped Darryl up as she spoke.

“Hey, you can’t just hold onto my arms. You need
to wrap an arm around my waist, else how am I
supposed to walk?” Darryl mumbled as he carefully
got down the bed while trying hard not to reopen
his wound.

Evelyn held her anger back as she gently wrapped
her arm around Darryl’s waist while supporting
him with her other arm.

Step by step...

They eventually arrived at the toilet with Evelyn
blushing with her eyes shut.

However, she did not hear any activity sounds after
a while.

Evelyn curiously opened her eyes and saw Darryl
staring at her with a cheeky grin on his face.

‘Why hasn’t this bastard settled his business? What
is he staring at me for?’

Evelyn felt annoyed, lost the flirtatious attitude
from before, and softly said, “What’s up with you?”

Darryl smiled helplessly. “How am I supposed to

1/4
Chapter 438

pee with my pants on? I dare not move my arm. Can
you help me...unzip my pants...?”

Evelyn blushed again upon hearing Darryl’s words
as she exclaimed, “How about you go to hell? I’m
not doing it!”

‘such a nasty bastard!’ thought Evelyn.

“Come on, do you want the key or not?” said Darryl
hopelessly.

Evelyn took a deep breath as she tried keeping her
emotions calm. After some deliberation, she bit the
bullet and slowly unzipped Darryl’s pants...

Evelyn could feel her face becoming completely red.

Darryl let out a long breath as he prepared to go
about his business. However, he could not continue
with a woman beside him!

“T-I can’t pee...” Darryl felt devastated.

“You bastard! Are you just messing around?”
Evelyn said coldly. She was angered beyond
measure.

‘Didn’t he say he couldn’t hold it any longer? Now
he’s saying he can’t pee. This bastard is clearly
doing it on purpose,’ thought Evelyn.

Evelyn’s body trembled with rage and felt like just
kicking him into the toilet.

2/4
Chapter 438

Darryl’s face remained indifferent. “It’s fine. We’ll
just stay here since you refuse to help.”

voy! »”

Evelyn was about to burst as a murderous intent
emanated from her body.

However, she relented the next moment. Evelyn
pursed her lips and whistled under Darryl’s smiling
gaze.

“Phweet... Phweet...”

“You're too soft, I’m not getting a reaction.” Darryl
laughed as he teased her.

“Dhweeeeeeeeeeceet...”

“Alright, alright.” Darryl finally managed to relax
and go about his business.

Darryl returned and laid back down on the bed with
Evelyn’s support. At that moment, Evelyn was
utterly flushed with her face turned as red as a
tomato.

Huff.
This bastard was finally done.

Evelyn was inexplicably embarrassed by what just
happened.

The whole ordeal in the washroom with this

3/4
Chapter 438

bastard only took a few minutes, but it felt like
years to Evelyn!

4/4
Chapter 439

Chapter 439

Evelyn regained her composure and without
looking at Darryl said to him, “Can you hand over
the key now?”

“Definitely!” Darryl laughed as he felt refreshed,
laid on the bed, and smiled at her before
continuing, “But you must first call me good Big
Brother.”

“What did you say?” Evelyn’s expression instantly
changed and looked like she was about to snap.

How could Evelyn call him such a name!?

“You bastard, do you wanna die?” Evelyn said as
she gritted her teeth.

Darryl did not say a single word and simply smiled
with a smug expression.

Evelyn clenched her fist, yet she could not express
her anger at Darryl. She bit her lips and exclaimed, “
Good... Good...”

Evelyn’s face blushed even before finishing her
words.

‘This bastard!’ Evelyn scolded in her mind. She
relented and struggled for a moment before

1/5
Chapter 439

ultimately softly saying, “Good... Good Big Brother!
Is this enough?”

Darryl was pleased as the smile on his face
intensified upon hearing Evelyn calling him that. “
You’re such a good little sister. Come, this time call
me the Best Big Brother.”

Today was a rare opportunity and Darryl planned to
take advantage of it.

What?

Evelyn stared angrily at Darryl with her puffed up
chest and trembling body. She looked like she was
about to explode.

‘I gave this bastard an inch and he wants a mile!’

Evelyn loathed Darryl immensely but she still
shouted, “Best Big Brother...”

Darryl was still unconvinced by Evelyn’s
performance.

Even though Evelyn had called Darryl that, he felt
she was still angry. He laid in a comfortable
position, shook his head, and said, “I’m still quite
unsatisfied with it. How about you call me both
those names at once?”

“You...”

Evelyn’s body trembled as she pointed at Darryl and

2/5
Chapter 439

shouted, “Darryl, you’re crossing the line here!”

‘First Good Big Brother then Best Big Brother. Do I
have to call him hubby next?’ Evelyn thought.

“Crossing the line?”

Darryl laughed as he stared at Evelyn directly in the
eyes. “I won’t be crossing the line as much as you
did. You made me wash your feet in front of so
many people. I believe I’m already quite lenient
with you considering there’s only the two of us
here.”

Darryl’s face was indifferent as he loosened his
shoulder and continued, “It’s up to you whether
you want to say it or not. I’m not forcing you.”

Evelyn was stunned, angry, and helpless but she
finally relented and softly said, “Good Big Brother...
Best Big Brother... Are you satisfied now? Quickly
hand over the key!”

Darryl felt content and relaxed as though his bones
were melting. Evelyn truly called him nicely.

Darryl enjoyed the moment and nodded his head
smilingly. “Seeing such sincerity from you, alright
then. Come find me tomorrow morning. We'll go to
the Hexad School together.”

Tomorrow?

Evelyn was shocked and stared fiercely at Darryl. “

3/5
Chapter 439

What’s the meaning of this? Why tomorrow?”

Darryl calmly looked at Evelyn and smiled. “Why
are you looking at me like that? Don’t forget that
your grandfather is imprisoned within the Hexad
School. You won’t be able to leave together and can
only look at him even if I give you the key.”

Darryl lazily stretched his body and continued, “So
there’s no point in giving you the key now. Come
with me tomorrow and I’ll get your grandfather
out.”

Sigh...

Evelyn sighed deeply. She felt like exploding and
was left speechless. “Why didn’t you say that
earlier?”

Evelyn would not have entertained Darryl today if
she knew that earlier!

She first went to the washroom with him then had
to call him Best Big Brother...

Darryl had a shameless wicked look on his face as he
shrugged before saying, “Well, you didn’t ask. You
just barged in and asked for the key. Moreover, you’
re the one begging for it. I didn’t force you to do
anything.”

“Vou! »

Evelyn’s face flushed as she could not retort against

4/5
Chapter 439

Darryl. “Fine, I’ll kill you if you dare mess with me
again tomorrow.”

Evelyn huffed, stomped away, and left the room
once she had finished her words.

The next morning.

9/5
Chapter 440

Chapter 440
Darryl enjoyed his breakfast under Lily’s care.

Darryl’s appetite was great as a result of those
joyous feelings yesterday from messing with
Evelyn. He even slept soundly the previous night
and woke up feeling refreshed.

The Infinite Elixir Manual was very true. He was
now fully recovered after three days since taking
the Nine Resurrection Pill.

Darryl took a shower after Lily left for school. He
heard the door open as soon as he finished bathing
and putting on a change of clothes with Evelyn
hastily walking in.

“1’m warning you, don’t mess with me today.
Quickly get me to my grandfather,” said Evelyn
coldly as she dragged Darryl to the Hexad School.

Evelyn would forever remember the humiliation
she suffered yesterday from Darryl.

Darryl allowed Evelyn to drag him all the way to the
Hexad School’s entrance.

“Alright, alright, we’re at the entrance now. Stop
dragging me... It’s not like I can run away...” Darryl

1/5
Chapter 440

mumbled.
Darryl sighed as he spoke.

It was recess and students were wandering all over
the school. How could Darryl bring Evelyn in whose
red hair stood out so much?

Darryl helplessly shook his head and said to Evelyn,
“How about...you wait for me outside?”

It would not be a big deal if the students saw
Evelyn. However, it would be hard to explain if she
was spotted by the school’s officials.

“No, I must go with you. Don’t even think about
messing with me.” Evelyn resolutely stared at
Darryl with no room for discussion.

After what happened yesterday, Darryl was an
absolute bastard in Evelyn’s eyes.

She would not believe a word from him ever again.

Darryl smiled wryly and said, “Fine, but you have to
follow my lead once we’re inside. Otherwise, don’t
even think about going in with me.”

Evelyn agreed. She would follow Darryl’s plans as
long as it would get her to her grandfather.

“Tie up your hair and put on acap,” said Darryl
impatiently.

A red-haired person walking around the school

2/5
Chapter 440

would be too obvious.
Evelyn followed Darryl’s words.

There was a private room in the Hexad School. The
purpose of this private room was to serve as a
detention room for students who broke school rules.

Zion was imprisoned in that room!

This private room was located right behind the
academic building. Darryl brought Evelyn along
through the building. They heard a rather
unfriendly voice coming from nearby as they
approached the stairs, “Oh my, isn’t that Darryl?
Tsk, tsk, I didn’t believe you’re still alive. You’re
truly a lucky man.”

Darryl furrowed his eyebrows and turned around.

Kent stood there smilingly with a few followers
behind him.

‘Damn it, why do I meet this idiot everywhere I go?’
Darryl thought.

Darryl looked at Kent with a smile and said, “Yeah, I
’m quite helpless about it as well. I couldn’t die

even after suffering such a heavy injury. Are you
jealous?”

Kent’s expression stiffened and had nothing to
retort his discontented feelings. At that moment,

3/5
Chapter 440

he noticed Evelyn and laughed, “Oh, who’s this?
Your outstanding performance during the Lion
Slaughtering Conference must have attracted this

beauty. Women these days are so easily impressed
»

Kent’s followers laughed along upon hearing his
words.

Although Evelyn had shown herself during the Lion
Slaughtering Conference, the cap which covered her
red hair had changed her appearance which was
why Kent and his gang could not recognize her.

Evelyn’s expression was unpleasant upon hearing
their ridicule. Kent and his gang would be long dead
if she still had her temper. However, she could only
put up with it today because she was here to rescue
her grandfather.

Darryl glanced at Kent and slowly said, “You’re
mistaken. She’s my personal maid. Isn’t she

pretty?”

Darryl was merely pretending in addition to using
this opportunity and teased Evelyn.

What?
Personal maid?
Kent and his gang were stunned in disbelief.

Who would believe such a beautiful person was only

4/5
Chapter 440

a personal maid?

They were doubtful by what Darryl said which led to
him turning toward Evelyn and said, “Come on, call
me Master.”

“You!” Evelyn was so enraged that her chest
trembled along with her face instantly flushed. She
was extremely humiliated and angered!

‘This bastard is taking it too far!’

Never mind that Darryl wanted Evelyn to call him
Good Big Brother and Best Big Brother, but nowhe
was trying to take a mile after being given an inch.

9/5
Chapter 441

Chapter 441

Evelyn was furious from the slowly built up rage in
her body and wanted to slap Darryl!

However, it would be suspicious if she defied Darryl
now given the circumstances.

Evelyn struggled for a moment but alas she
relented and obediently exclaimed, “M... Master.”

Darryl nodded his head in content. “Good, let’s go.”

Darryl then walked toward the private room
direction without looking back at Kent and his gang
with Evelyn closely following.

‘Damn.’

‘She’s really Darryl’s maid. Isn’t she too pretty to
be a maid?’

Kent and his gang were frozen on the spot and
dumbfoundedly looked on as the two of them
walked further away. It took them a moment before
regaining their senses.

Kent was particularly stared intensely at Evelyn’s
beautiful figure from the back as his heart was filled
with envy and hatred for Darryl.

‘Motherf*cker. I can’t believe a piece of trash like

1/5
Chapter 441

Darryl! will have such a classy maid. I won’t mind
losing a few years of my life for her to be mine!’
Kent thought.

Darryl surveyed his surroundings to ensure there
was no one around when they arrived at the private
room’s entrance. He then said to Evelyn, “Stay
here, I’ll go get your grandfather.”

Evelyn was suddenly worried. “Why should I stay
here?”

Darryl had pranked her a few times yesterday and
just now took advantage of her again. Evelyn
wanted payback!

Darryl smiled and nonchalantly said, “You have to
stay here and keep an eye out of course. This is the
Hexad School. What will happen if someone comes
here? In addition, you promised you would listen to
everything I say once we entered school.”

Evelyn felt reluctant but eventually, she stomped
her feet and went with Darryl’s plan.

Darryl did not say another word and directly headed
into the private room.

Clang!
Darryl heard the loud and sharp clanking of metal

2/5
Chapter 441

chains just as he entered the room.

The private room was not big with about only 100
square feet and Zion was completely immobile from
being chained onto a pole in the middle of the room.

Zion’s hair was messy and his clothes were tattered.
The Eternal Life Palace Sect’s Golden Lion was in
such a destitute state with his glorious past
demeanor all gone.

“Mister Featherstone?” Darryl looked at Zion and
softly greeted him.

Zion lifted his head and stared fiercely at Darryl
before he coldly said, “So you’re the Lion
Slaughtering Conference Champion?”

Darryl nodded and smiled. “Exactly. My name’s
Darryl Darby. Nice to meet you, Mister
Featherstone.”

Clang!

Zion struggled against the chains before furrowing
his eyebrows at Darryl. “Don’t try to flatter me, you
little brat. If you’re looking for the scripture, I
recommend you to give up. Kill me, torture me, or
do whatever you want!”

Zion let out a long and resigned sigh. “Who will
have thought that Zion Featherstone, one of the
world’s greatest warriors would fall in the hands of

3/5
Chapter 441

a nameless brat.”

Darryl felt touched by Zion’s fearless attitude when
facing death.

This old master was truly bold as he would rather
die than yield.

It was no wonder he was one of Eternal Life Palace
Sect’s Four Guardian Kings. What a brave man!

Darryl looked at Zion smilingly. “Old Master, don’t
be so agitated. Why will I want to kill you? I’m here
to get you out.”

What?

Zion was shocked as he sized up Darryl and
followed with a burst of laughter. “Don’t mess with
me, little brat. I’ve been in the martial arts world
for decades. There’s nothing I’ve not seen before.
You’ re just pretending to get the scripture, do you
think I’ll fall for it?”

Darryl was speechless seeing Zion did not believe
him. He then took out a silver token and waved it in
front of Zion. “Old Master, just like you I’m from
the Eternal Life Palace Sect. This is my identity
token.”

This token was given to Darryl by Chester before he
left.

“You...”

4/5
Chapter 441

Zion was stunned as he looked at Darryl with
disbelief. “You... You’re Donghai City’s Hall
Master?”

Previously, Chester had announced there was a new
candidate for Donghai City’s Hall Master, but Zion
did not know who it was. Never did he expect this
young brat would be him.

9/5
Chapter 442

Chapter 442

Darryl nodded his head. “Indeed, that’s me and not
just so. In fact, the White-Fanned Military Adviser
—Chester Wilson and I are sworn-brothers.”

What?
Zion was shocked when he heard those words.

Chester was the highest authority directly beneath
the Eternal Life Palace Sect’s Sect Master. His
position was right below the Sect Master, but above
thousands in the Sect. Even the Four Guardian
Kings had to greet him with respect.

It was hard to believe this brat in front of Zion was
the White-Fanned Military Adviser’s sworn brother!

Zion’s sadness immediately turned to joy as he
laughed. “After all this time, it turns out you’re one
of us. I must have been seen as a joke to you just
now.”

Darryl waved his hand. “Besides that, Old Master
Featherstone, do you remember you had bought a
Godly Pill during Roger’s Auction? I was the person
who saved you when the pill lost its effectiveness
and caused your poisoning. You were unconscious,
that's why you didn’t see me.”

1/5
Chapter 442

“You...” At that moment, Zion’s face was filled with
gratitude!

Darryl laughed as he walked toward Zion and
released his acupoints.

Zion started moving his muscles with his regained
freedom as cracking sounds could be heard all over
his body. A powerful aura instantly emanated from
him!

‘Damn, this Old Master has such strength!’ Darryl
was secretly surprised.

Zion had just ascended to the rank of Level Five
Master General during Roger’s Auction, but after
just two months he has now become a Level Five
Martial Marquis! His cultivation speed was truly
terrifying!

It was no wonder the Golden Lion’s title caused
every cultivator to tremble in fear!

While Darryl was still in shock, Zion went toward
him and shook his hand with gratitude. “Thank you
so much for saving me, Mister Darryl. You have my
eternal gratitude. I’ll be sure to visit you at the Hall
and give you my thanks once I’ve fully recovered.”

Darryl waved his hand. “Old Master Featherstone,
there’s still one important matter. Don’t tell
anyone about my position in the Eternal Life Palace

2/5
Chapter 442

Sect, not even to your granddaughter. I’m stilla
student in the Hexad School after all...”

“Don’t worry Mister Darryl, I won’t mention this to
anyone!”

Darryl nodded and went into the main topic. “Old
Master Featherstone, you have the Supreme
Mystery Scripture according to the Six Sects. Is this
true?”

Zion smiled upon hearing Darryl’s words and
proudly said, “It’s true. If not why would they
organize such a large joint attack to capture me?”

Zion then used his internal energy to shatter the
chains before continuing, “But why will I be
carrying such an important item with me? I’ve
hidden the scripture at an obscure location. Mister
Darryl, you’ve rescued me twice. You should have
the scripture which I hid at the outskirts of Donghai
City.”

What?

The outskirts?

Darryl was stunned for a moment with a little
uneasy and shocked.

‘This Old Master is truly brave. I can’t believe he
simply hid such an important item.’

Zion continued again, “There’s a valley in the

3/5
Chapter 442

mountains toward the north of Donghai City. There’
s astone ruin in this valley. Look toward the
northeast once you’re there and the scripture will
be under the third stone pillar...”

“Stone ruin, third stone pillar.” Darryl quietly
uttered the location and remembered it. He then
smiled at Zion and said, “Thank you, Old Master
Featherstone.”

‘The scripture is almost at hand. I can finally report
back to the Cult Mistress!’ Darryl could not help but
smile when he thought of the Cult Mistress.

Darryl and Zion left the private room after 10
minutes.

Evelyn who was still waiting outside grew
impatient. She was extremely cheerful and excited
the moment she saw Zion and immediately held
onto his arm and exclaimed, “Grandpa...”

Evelyn then remembered she was still in the Hexad
School which was under the Six Sects’ influence and
quickly covered her mouth. Her behavior indeed
was adorable.

“That’s enough. We shouldn’t stay here for long.
Let’s quickly leave,” said Darryl as he walked
toward the school’s entrance.

Darryl finally stopped when they left the school and

4/5
Chapter 442

entered a secluded alley. “Old Master Featherstone,
it should be safe here. You may leave now.”

Zion nodded his head and was about to speak but
Evelyn interrupted by stepping forward and said
coldly, “Alright, my grandfather is safe now. You
can piss off.”

‘Damn. She’s kicking me away the moment she gets
what she wanted,’ thought Darryl.

9/5
Chapter 443

Chapter 443

Darryl shrugged his shoulders and left. He had no
time to argue with Evelyn as he had more
important matters at hand which was to obtain the
scripture!

Zion looked toward Evelyn after seeing Darryl was
long gone and softly reprimanded her. “Evelyn,
Mister Darryl has saved my life twice. How can you
be so rude to him?”

Evelyn raised her eyebrows and coldly snorted. “
Grandpa, this man is a bastard. I’m already
behaving rather politely to him just now.”

In just over a day, this bastard had ordered Evelyn
around and humiliated her numerous times.

The worst part was Evelyn had even accompanied
him into the washroom.

Evelyn would never forget the humiliation she
suffered for the rest of her life.

She wanted to kill Darryl were it not for the fact her
grandfather needed to rest after being released.
Darryl should consider himself lucky that Evelyn let
him go!

Evelyn would get her payback eventually!

1/5
Chapter 443

In the mountains north of Donghai City.

Darryl was walking along the forest path on this
huge mountain alone while being accompanied by
the sounds of insects and birds around him.

The sky was dark and looked like it was about to
rain, but the weather was still rather hot.

“Come on, quickly rain...” Darryl wiped the sweat
off his head. The weather was simply too hot and
Darryl hoped for the rain to fall quickly so he could
cool off. Darryl] felt a little dejected at the moment
as he thought the place Zion mentioned would be
easy to find, but he found that it was really difficult
upon his arrival.

‘Damn it, these mountains are huge. How am I
supposed to find the valley?’

Darryl complained as he walked through the bunch
of trees in front of him and his eyes suddenly
became wide open!

Darryl had found the stone ruin!

He instantly smiled upon seeing the scenery before
his eyes and hastened his steps. Zion was right.
There really was a stone ruin in the valley!

These must have been an ancient palace that

2/5
Chapter 443

collapsed and only these stone pillars ruins
remained.

Darryl felt as though he had stepped into the past
upon arriving at the location.

“These carving techniques and art on the pillars
resemble the ancient Tang Dynasty...”

Darryl took a look around and mumbled to himself.
He then walked toward the northeast location Zion
mentioned where the scripture was hidden.

‘One, two, three. This is the third pillar. The
scripture should be right here.’

Darryl knelt down and pulled out a package wrapped
in oilpaper from a crack beneath the pillar. He was
instantly ecstatic upon opening up the package!

It was a yellow-covered book with the words

Supreme Mystery Scripture written on it.

The scripture gave Darryl a quaint feeling anda
single look was enough to determine its
authenticity. Darryl finally had it at hand.

Darryl suddenly recalled the Eternal Life Palace Sect
had given a fake scripture to the

Cult Master during his birthday upon seeing its
yellow cover. The fake volume also had a yellow
cover.

3/5
Chapter 443

Darryl’s hands trembled as he proceeded to open
the scripture without a second thought.

The Supreme Mystery Scripture contained a huge
secret. Anyone who managed to discover it would
be able to unify and control the martial arts world.
This was a treasure greatly desired by numerous
cultivators!

No one could resist reading the scripture and Darryl
was no different!

However, Darryl felt disappointed as there was
nothing interesting in the scripture at all. It was
filled with famous Taoist quotes and not a single
martial art technique.

‘Damn it, where’s the secret? Could it be that I have
to collect all seven volumes to see it?’

Boom!

At that moment, a thunderbolt appeared followed
by the downpour of rain.

‘It’s finally raining. The heat is killing me!’ Darryl
complained in his mind as he quickly wrapped up
the scripture and looked for shelter.

It was at that moment Darryl was suddenly stunned!

He noticed to his surprise that some writings had
appeared on the first stone pillar after it was

4/5
Chapter 443

drenched by the rain!
‘Damn, there’s actually words on this stone pillar?’

Darryl was curious and he walked to the stone pillar
for a proper look.

‘Three, I, two, sky, mountain, scripture, king... What
’s the meaning of this? These words make no sense!
Perhaps it needs to be rearranged?’

Darryl was deep in thought as he stared at the stone
pillars forgetting to blink.

9/5
Chapter 444

Chapter 444

Darryl had been looking at the words for over 10
minutes with his body soaking wet from the
pouring rain before finally making progress!

“T get it! These stone pillars are arranged in the
order of the Nine Division Eight Trigrams!” Darryl
exclaimed as he slapped his thigh!

Previously, Darryl had studied The Geomancy of Yin
and Yang where the Nine Division Eight Trigrams’
order was recorded in it. The order was Heaven,
Earth, Wind, Thunder, Water, Fire, Mountain, and
Lake!

Everything started making sense when Darryl read
the words on the pillars in this order!

Darryl attentively read those words while being
careful not to miss a single one!

Written on those pillars was a unique cultivation
method!

“This technique is immeasurably advanced and
once practiced to the highest level, one will have
the powers to reverse Heaven and Earth... This
technique is called the Grand Destruction Art!”

Darryl read out the sentence and could not help but

1/5
Chapter 444

swallow his saliva!

Never did Darryl think he could blindly stumble
upon a technique! Seems like he was not drenched
in vain!

‘The pillars’ words mentioned that at its highest
level, the Grand Destruction Art would be able to
reverse Heaven and Earth. How was that even
possible? Was this technique really that powerful?’
Guided by his curiosity, Darryl sat cross-legged on
the ground and followed the instructions recorded
on the pillars. He slowly channeled his internal
energy and started cultivating...

Darryl subconsciously lost himself in the
cultivation and could not even hear the heavy rain
and roaring thunder!

There were three levels to the Grand Destruction
Art!

A technique would be learned upon mastering each
level!

The technique learned in the first level the Single
Finger Wonder.

The second level would be the Mountainous River
Art.

At the third and highest level was the Celestial
Rotation!

2/5
Chapter 444

The rain became heavier as time slowly passed.
Darryl was completely drenched by this time.

After an unknown amount of time, Darryl suddenly
opened his eyes and roared toward the sky!

Roar!
The first level was successfully mastered!

Darryl smiled and at the same time felt strange
energies coming from his energy field which was
spreading across his entire body! This was the
prelude to an ascension!

Just as Darryl thought so, he felt his internal energy
slowly rising!

Level Three Master General, Level Four Master
General!

Darryl almost leaped up in ecstasy! He did not just
master the first level. He even ascended two levels!

The Grand Destruction Art was truly terrifying!
Darryl could only master the first level, the Single
Finger Wonder with his current understanding.

No matter what Darryl did, he could not master the
second and third level! He then took out his phone
and snapped photos of the stone pillars’ secret
technique. He would slowly master it when he
returned home.

3/5
Chapter 444

After Darryl took the pictures, he destroyed the
pillars using the Ascension of the Nine Dragons!

Darryl guessed that this ruin could have belonged
to an ancient sect which eventually declined and
disappeared.

This cultivation method was the only item left and
Darryl considered himself lucky to have stumbled
upon this technique. However, this technique was
too powerful and the consequences would be
disastrous if it fell into the wrong hands, therefore
the best solution was to destroy the pillars.

Crack...

Almost a hundred of those pillars crumbled into
dust from the Ascension of the Nine Dragons’
power.

Darryl let out a satisfied smile upon seeing this
scene and left.

He hailed a cab returning to the city and told the
driver he wanted to go to Milan Mall.

Milan Mall was an exceptionally popular mall in
Donghai City where fancy and expensive goods
were sold.

Darryl wanted to buy a set of new clothes as he was
quite dirty and completely drenched by the rain.

4/5
